 to watch the last ten overs, the atmosphere was unbelievable!  Who is your favourite non-New Zealand cricket player?  AB De Villiers .  After inspecting NZ's best cricket grounds, which comes out on top?  Hagley Oval – Christchurch did an amazing job to 		
 shot that had gone over Dhoni's head for four but skied it to a running short third man, de Kock was run-out trying to meet AB de Villiers' demand for stealing a single and the captain was trapped lbw at the start of the 41st over.  India took three wickets for 		
 from the last 10 overs of South Africa's innings in the final ODI in Mumbai.  Of course, facing a flourishing batsman in AB de Villiers whose pyrotechnics of 360 degree hitting have perplexed everyone would frighten even the greatest death bowler. </s> 		
 is the winner of the Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy for ICC Cricketer of the Year? 1) Michael Clarke 2) Kumar Sangakkara 3) AB de Villiers 4) Mitchell Johnson 5) Dale Steyn  6.  Which one of the following books is written by Hillary Clinton? 1) Central Time 2) 		
 four South Africans were put forward as possible candidates.  Noah was in fine company with South African cricketer AB de Villiers , sprinter Wayde van Niekerk and Team MTN-Qhubeka, the first South African and African cycling team to ever compete in 		
 before throwing his wicket to Ravindra Jadeja but his dismissal did not put any sort of stress on the upcoming batsmen.  AB de Villiers was absolutely stunning as his precious 28 runs from 14 balls made CSK to come on the back foot. 3 sixes and 1 boundary from 		
 played many valuable innings of South Africa at no. 7.  Kirmani seemed to be pretty impressed with the wicket keeping of AB De Villiers as well.  In the absence of Boucher, De Villiers is keeping the wickets for South Africa in the ongoing test series 		
 .  Â  "This kind of thing can be demoralizing for people who go abroad to study.  Coach Outlet p Cheap NCAA Jerseys Star Man: AB De Villiers â described as the best cricketer in the world by Adam Gilchrist and David Warner, the wicketkeeper-batsman created 		
 catches in making his runs off 71 balls.  South Africa fielded the same side for the third match in the row and captain AB de Villiers said it was an important win ahead of the World Cup next month.  "We've said that in the knockout stages of the World Cup you 		
 did not bat well but I think the Test was still in the balance after the first day because a lot of time was left.  " Amla said AB de Villiers top-scoring with 85 on his 100th Test appearance was the highlight for his team in Bangalore.  "We are glad to share the 		
 Dubosc which itself requires that the character be rewritten for him.  The captain of the South African cricket team, AB de Villiers , has said that poor batting was the main reason why his team lost the second ODI match against Sri Lanka.  South Africa was 		
 wanted to give him a hug.  But the fast-medium bowler hung in there,kate spade bags, and despite bearing the brunt of an AB de Villiers blitzkrieg at the SCG,www.raybansunglasses.name, he led manfully,coach handbags, with consecutive 50s against 		
 out.  The usual questions were being asked.  Did Kings XI have the pace to bowl short at Chris Gayle?  Was it possible to stop AB de Villiers at the death?  But outside sub continent, their batsmen even the best ones are not as effective.  Maybe its just lack of 		
 today.  If he bowls at practice today he'll be in contention for selection.  If not, he won't be playing.  Q.  Particularly AB de Villiers and Steyn, what would be your approach to those two players especially?  ANGELO MATHEWS: Yeah, I mean, we all know that de 		
 them well, and if we execute them well, we can tie them down and be attacking.  Q.  They ask you about the big builders, AB de Villiers and Kumar playing in the same game.  Someone who has been watching, how do you pay tribute to the skills of both of those 		
 a lot in the mental side of the game.  Just tell us what Jeremy's role has been with the Sri Lanka team?  Q.  Can I ask you about AB de Villiers and Kumar, how you rate those two and how this will be a big stage for them?  Q.  Just going back to 2007 and 2011, the finals 		
 KKR's ten-match winning streak in the IPL.  RCB owed their victory entirely to Gayle, as can be seen from the fact that AB de Villiers with 28 was the next highest scorer for them today, while opener and skipper Virat Kohli could manage only 13.  None of the 		
 , including a pulled four to mid-wicket off Piedt.  Vijay earned a reprieve on 10 when he edged a delivery from Abbott to AB de Villiers at second slip.  But the umpire signalled a no-ball and TV replays confirmed the delivery was not legitimate.  India 		
 to OpenNIC must be Open Source.  OpenNIC will not accept any contributions that are closed source.  This includes;  AB de Villiers , Hashim Amla, Faf du Plessis, Vernon Philander and Dale Steyn pay a surprise visit to 11-year-old Kieron Adams for a 		
 team which recently won the first Test match against South Africa in Mohali.  South Africa would again rely heavily on AB de Villiers in the fourth innings when they come out to chase the target.  Kohli, when asked about the four-bowler strategy, if the 		
 bowlers have taken a total of 82 wickets out of a total of 161 which have fallen in the five Test matches played in Mohali.  AB de Villiers , who smashed a century on Saturday against Board President XI in Mumbai, looked refreshed even after the flight from 		
 match against Pakistan this month.  The record for the fastest hundred in ODIs is the 31-ball effort of South Africa's AB de Villiers made against West Indies in Johannesburg in January this year.  Buttler's display of devastating hitting was all the 		
 comfort.  Buttler is only the third batsman to score two ODI hundreds coming in to bat after the 25th over of the innings.  AB de Villiers (five) and Virat Kohli (two) are the others  Buttler's strike-rate of 223.07 is the highest for any England batsman in an 		
 Africa post 216/3 (38 overs) after winning the toss in the first semi-final against New Zealand at Auckland.  Captain AB de Villiers decision to bat first proved wrong when South Africa lost both of its openers in under 10 overs.  Then, de Villiers (82*) 		
 is the first semi-final they've won.  Despite the "broken" feeling within the Proteas dressing room, echoed by captain AB de Villiers , Domingo was still full of praise for his men and spared particular praise for De Villiers.  Robbie Tolan sits in a 		
 23) tried to go over long-off but felt the bat turn in his hand and that resulted in a straightforward catch in the covers.  AB de Villiers kept the momentum going, but fell just when South Africa was taking control, and when Duminy (39) was smartly caught by 		
 sport star by SMS.  This category is the People's Choice Award.  The nominees for the 2015 People's Choice Award are AB De Villiers ; Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio; Chad le Clos; Lucas Sithole and Wayde van Niekerk.  "The Sport Awards celebrate excellence 		
 Jadeja (4/50) had better figures to show for his efforts as the hosts exploited the favourable conditions even as AB de Villiers scored a valiant 85 in his landmark 100th Test.  Once De Villiers was out off the last delivery before tea, mopping up the 		
 as far as off spin is concerned but he can attack from one end but he is not having much ofassistance from the other end.  AB de Villiers is not the leader of the Test side but he is the leading batsman of the visiting side.  He can play both pace and spin with 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 well in this match and they didn't great job.  SA players good scored in this match, Faf du Plessis, Quinton de Kock & AB de Villiers and finally batsman scored Faf du Plessis who made the highest scorer from the South Africa batting side as he played of 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 who could get to double figures.  Kallis performed well with the ball as well, picking up the crucial wickets of Kohli and AB de Villiers , who didn't trouble the scorers, conceding 31 runs from his four overs.  Yusuf Pathan sent down a miserly spell, giving 		
 of De Villiers' gloves and landed at Jadeja's hands at leg-slip.  For South Africa Hashim Amla scored 25 off 244 balls and AB de Villiers 43 off 297.  India became No. 2 in the ICC Test rankings with this series win.  South Africa remain No. 1 in spite of this 		
 Ashwin had South Africa struggling at 49-3 after removing Hashim Amla (two), skipper Faf du Plessis (16) and danger man AB de Villiers (19) in his four-over spell.  But even two stoppages due to bottles being thrown on the field of play by disappointed 		
 adding just 10 runs in the team's total when Shukla hit the stumps before he could have managed to take a comfortable run.  AB de Villiers was destructive this time too as similar to the earlier matches.  Along with a six and 4 boundaries, the right-handed 		
 League demolition of Shakhtar Donetsk South Africa's bowlers backed up a solid batting performance led by captain AB de Villiers ' 99 to ensure they qualified for the knockout phase of the World Cup with a 146-run victory over United Arab Emirates at 		
 the retiring great in each of his last four innings.  The same trait resurfaced in Nagpur on Friday, when he foxed AB de Villiers , having dismissed the talismanic South African in the first two Twenty20 Internationals at the start of the tour as 		
 , they were initially set 230 to win off 30 overs under the Duckworth-Lewis method.  Despite being without their captain AB de Villiers , who was rested as a precaution because of tightness in his hip, the Proteas made a flying start.  Quinton de Kock (66) and 		
 Africa, Paul Collingwood was the star with a commanding batting and fielding display: 105 runs, an excellent catch off AB de Villiers and the satisfaction of 2-24 from six overs.  The English win in the second one-day international was secured by a 		
 first innings for a meagre total of 214.  World No.1 batsman and South Africa's One-Day International (ODI) captain AB de Villiers top-scored with 85 while opener Dean Elgar made 38.  Indian spinners Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja shared 		
 Chemical Society Polymeric Materials: Science & Engineering (PMSE) divis...  Johannesburg: Proteas' ODI captain AB de Villiers has taken the top spot on a list of South African celebrities with the greatest number of Twitter followers.  Teammates 		
 zero', one side needs it for victory, the other side shouldn't get it.  It appears that Ireland has more chance to win. ...  AB de Villiers' South Africa, fresh from their comprehensive win vs the West Indies, will take on a spirited Irish side that earned 		
 went out of their hand as Kerala Gomez conceded as many as 20 runs in the next over, boosting the confidence of the RCB.  AB De Villiers and Asad Khan Pathan faced no problems as they went about completing the RCB's task in the next over.  Earlier, the home 		
 reports.  South Africa was all out for 232 in the afternoon session of the fourth day, giving Pakistan a target of 40 runs.  AB De Villiers and Robin Peterson's knocks helped South Africa to avoid an innings defeat.  Chasing 40 runs to win, Pakistan lost three 		
 hit 417 runs against Afghanistan - the highest ever World Cup total - while West Indies' Chris Gayle and South Africa's AB De Villiers also found themselves making batting history.  The quarter-finals begin on Wednesday morning as De Villiers' side 		
 Written Exam.  Candidates are also advised to practice answer ...  Amla himself alongside the equally loved and skilled AB de Villiers , hold incredible batting records in Tests ... a year by scrapping 17 types of over-the-counter medicines from the PBS . 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 Klopp after his side's second consecutive win.  Reus was cheered by  HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) – South Africa captain AB de Villiers said his country needs to win the Cricket World Cup before it can erase its reputation for choking at the tournament.  The 		
 as the big Trinidadian Keiron Pollard and the catch he took to derail the Kings XI Punjab innings in IPL VI should...  AB de Villiers is regarded as one of the best fielders in the world not only because of his athleticism and reflexes but also because of 		
 the ICC bowler's rankings issued today.  Ashwin, who bagged six wickets in the three ODIs against [...]  Johannesburg: AB de Villiers won as many as five awards, including the South African Cricketer of the Year for a second consecutive time at a gala 		
 Muralitharan told Sri Lanka to bat first against South Africa and not obsess over the destructive batting power of AB de Villiers in Wednesday's World Cup [...]  'Dignified' debt repayment scheme sees £13m repaid in six months  Debt: More than 2000 		
 were batting time, and runs were simply not on their minds.  At stumps, Amla was batting on 23 off 207 balls and with him was AB de Villiers , on 11 off 91.  Their third-wicket partnership was worth 23 off 29.2 overs.  Before that, Amla and Temba Bavuma had put on 		
 HSBC World Sevens Series in Cape Town the hard way after two of their star players were ruled out on Wednesday.  Batsman AB de Villiers will return to the role of wicketkeeper for South Africa ...  Graduates of our sale ring have been dominating winners' 		
 you.  Kallis is one of the most consistent players in world cricket.  If you go pass all three of them, then you have to face AB De Villiers , who, according to Vaughan, is the most exciting batsman in the world at the moment.  Vaughan said that the England 		
 one of Tahir's victims as 1996 champions Sri Lanka lost their last six wickets for just 19 runs.  South Africa skipper AB de Villiers , who lost the toss, said he feels his team can now go on and win an elusive first World Cup.  "I'm quietly confident.  I'm 		
 de Longis, whose company has $222 billion under management  innings of 200 balls or more in Test cricket.  His partner AB de Villiers , who has scored the fastest 50, 100 and 150 in One Day Internationals, showed another side to his otherwise 360-degree 		
 , young and talented, has lost form.  Dane Vilas, 30, failed to translate a strong domestic record into returns in India.  AB de Villiers has filled in, but injury has...  in all competitions.  Banking on the form of Chris Smalling and goalkeeper David de Gea, 		
 from a non-privately educated background...  series against South Africa 3-0, despite a heroic 297-ball stand from AB de Villiers in the Fourth Test.  December 7th 201513 hours ago/video/video.news.com.au/Sport/Cricket/News/ Cameron 		
 to Shandong Luneng.  Â Â The 53-year-old revealed last week that...  - India vs South Africa At the close, Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers were at the crease for South Africa.  Amla scored 23 painstaking runs off 207 deliveries.  He took 46 balls to open his 		
 were lucky you might have heard a...  the task with supreme efficiency and stodginess.  They, including the masterful AB de Villiers , shelved aggression and embraced full-throttle defence.  They collectively blunted and doused the enterprise and 		
 , liberal John Lindsay's egalitarian mayoralty...  Hashim Amla remained unbeaten on 23 off a whopping 207 balls.  AB de Villiers , known for his destructive batting, faced 91 balls for his 11.  The duo added an unbroken 23 runs off 176 deliveries for 		
 tonnes and are now rotting.  These were supposed to be...  blocked his way to a 207-ball 23, while the otherwise attacking AB de Villiers picked up 11 from 91.  are three quick thoughts on the title game that served as a de facto playoff quarterfinal: 1. </s> 		
 record of 418 runs chased down by West Indies against Australia in Antigua in 2003.  And that Faf du Plessis (134) and AB de Villiers (103), whose 205-run fifth-wicket stand contained some of the most skillful test batting seen in difficult 		
 in pressure situations from the iconic wicketkeeper-batsman who led  Kohli said South Africa's hard-hitting batsman AB de Villiers will be one to watch out for.  India and Pakistan to be in the same group ICC World Twenty20 2016, setting the stage for a 		
 , Brad Hodge, Steve Smith.  This is the team known its hard hitting power at the top of the order and with Chris Gayle, AB De Villiers and Virat Kohli at the top, this is well and truly justified.  In earlier versions, they suffered with the problem of lack 		
 they have perfect blend of foreign and Indian players and a well-balanced side.  Skipper Virat Kohl, Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers along with Yuvraj Singh can demolish any bowling attack which is evident from the stats these players hold.  With star 		
 pads with micro weight rounded HDF rods and HDF side wing, integral HDF thigh protection and 'Contour+' knee roll.  AB de Villiers is one of the leading batsman in the world at present in all formats of the game, the iconic Kahuna is ideal for AB who likes 		
 voyage through England in 2003 in the organization of a few future Proteas – Imraan Khan, Faf du Plessis, JP Duminy, AB de Villiers and Vernon Philande  Comparison of 2D and 1D Physical Modelling of FIB in Newport Bay  Newport Bay in southern California 		
 and Kane Williamson make up the starting team, with India's Ravichandran Ashwin named as 12th man.  South Africa's AB de Villiers , meanwhile, has been selected in the ODI Team of the Year for the fourth time in five years and for the first time as 		
 138 to post 299 for eight and then restricted the visitors to 264 for nine, despite a valiant ton by South Africa skipper AB de Villiers to win by 35 runs and level the five-match series 2-2.  Lavish in his praise for centurion Virat Kohli, Indian captain 		
 during an International Match".  The incident happened in the 18th over when Sohail, after dismissing South Africa's AB de Villiers , pointed the batsman towards the dressing room with both hands.  On-field umpires Ahsan Raza and Zameer Haider, third 		
 Herath, the left-arm spinner, had him caught by Perera at extra cover.  South Africa then needed a big innings from AB de Villiers , its in-form batsman, but he too couldn't make a substantial contribution, falling just before stumps.  After 		
 due to persistent heavy showers.  But leg-spinner Amit Mishra who was responsible for removing world No.1 Test batsman AB De Villiers twice in the first Test was dropped and instead all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja and Stuart Binny were picked.  "I think you 		
 had failed to attend two Interviews of the An..  Sri Lankan batting legend Kumar Sangakkara has showered praise on AB de Villiers , who became the seventh South African batsman from his country to complete 100 Test matches.  Describing De Villiers as 		
 American Baby, shares a flight plan to help you and your baby board the plane with confidence.  GO South African skipper AB de Villiers , who was blessed with a baby boy last month ... He captioned the picture, "Our first flight together.  Made it on  Before 		
 a short-of-length delivery towards long-on and Umar charged ahead and dived full stretch to take a lovely catch 56/3  AB de Villiers c Kamran Akmal b Saeed Ajmal 53 38 41 1 2 129.26 15.4 96.6 kph, AB was hitting superbly down the ground.  But this time he goes 		
 , and they will want to keep Get the Match Report, Score and Highlights HERE IPL 2015 RCB vs MI Match Highlights: Watch AB De Villiers Nearly Pull Off the Impossible and IPLT20com – Indian Premier League Official Website wwwiplt20com/ Indian Premier 		
 gamble on him recuperating in time to play the team's later pool matches as well as in the knockout intervals, with AB de Villiers getting the gloves in the interim.  All-rounder Ryan McLaren, the side's leading wicket-taker in 2014 and 2013, was 		
 n't improved.  Maybe it's a good decision I'm leaving.  " Why would a team that has two of the best ODI batsmen in the world, AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla, perform so miserably at the big stage and lose a semi-final so cheaply?  If you take away the incredible 		
 against a knee-jerk reaction.  "The problem is, Ashley Giles was doing it, then that got changed," he told Perform.  AB de Villiers has backed Quinton de Kock to play a part in South Africa's World Cup campaign, despite a dismal showing in the group 		
 to play a part in South Africa's World Cup campaign, despite a dismal showing in the group stage.  South Africa captain AB de Villiers has backed out-of-form wicketkeeper Quinton de Kock to come good and help the Proteas to Cricket World Cup glory.  De 		
 the order.  "There is no doubt in my mind that Quinton is a match winner and he will play a part in us winning this World Cup," AB de Villiers said.  "He is still my first pick.  When push comes to shove, I believe he will play a big knock for us.  "  Captain AB de 		
 de Villiers said.  "He is still my first pick.  When push comes to shove, I believe he will play a big knock for us.  "  Captain AB de Villiers missed out on a century as South Africa easily overcame the United Arab Emirates to round off their Pool B campaign. </s> 		
 the final this year.  Elsewhere Daniel Vettori's Royal Challengers Bangalore are rated 9/2 with StanJames, and with AB De Villiers in alongside Chris Gayle and Muttiah Muralitharan they'll certainly pull in the crowds wherever they play.  Shikhar 		
 year.  6.  Economic Survey says estimates current account deficit to fall to 1 pct of GDP in coming fiscal year.  >>>> AB De Villiers hit the fastest ever 150 runs in one-day international as South Africa condemned West Indies to a crushing 257-run 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 Herath, while Muttiah Muralitharan and Anil Kumble haven't dismissed him once in 380 balls.  Along with Amla and AB de Villiers , Cook is clearly one of the best overseas batsmen to have ever played in Asia.  All three have remarkably similar numbers 		
 299 for eight in 50 overs and then restricted South Africa to 264 for 9 despite a classy hundred by their captain AB de Villiers .  (Scorecard) In the end, Kohli's 23rd ODI hundred proved to be a shade better effort than De Villiers' 22nd ton in the 		
 margins.  Anderson stayed not out till the end to score 131 in 47 balls that included only 6 fours but 14 towering sixes.  1.  AB de Villiers off 31 balls v West Indies, Johannesburg, 2015  At number 1 is the outstanding innings played by one of the greats of the 		
 31 balls v West Indies, Johannesburg, 2015  At number 1 is the outstanding innings played by one of the greats of the game AB de Villiers at Johannesburg against the West Indies in January, 2015 and the best thing about the innings was that there was no wild 		
 you didn't attack us.  Everytime you lied, one of your brothers walked up and called ...  It was hard to stand against the AB de Villiers storm.  As much as we'd like to believe that we have a really strong batting line up, like many popular polls suggest, 		
 .  Thami Tsolekile has also found a spot in the squad, but, he is not expected to get any playing opportunity on the tour as AB de Villiers is expected to continue keeping wickets for the Proteas.  Smith was present in the press conference in which the squad 		
 Bats models are exclusivly produces at England factory.  This bat is used by International players like Ricky Ponting , AB De Villiers and Ian Bell.  This cricket bat gives aggressive playing style as it is having the powerful shape other " State of Art " 		
 don't actually need apt do anything among the United States apt appliance the ATT, Nike Kyrie 2 Red For Sale ,meanwhile AB de Villiers is looking apt finally jolt off South Africa's 'choker' reputation surrounded a year amid which he has already done 		
 to up its ante if they want to restrict India, who are confident to come out all guns blazing.  With the bat, HashimAmla, AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis must use their experience to build a strong foundation for the team; Duminy and others down the line 		
 a set of batsmen who had made up their minds to block everything.  In the end, South Africa simply had too much to do.  AB de Villiers played out 297 balls, Hashim Amla 244, and Temba Bavuma and Faf du Plessis ate up a fair share of deliveries in a concerted 		
 him after shedding early wickets, but when New Zealand have wickets within the financial institution when he, or even AB de Villiers , comes on to bowl then the tables may ... learn extra on international Cricket Council  Government to Promote 		
 their pull shots.  Rabada completed the catch to dismiss Dhoni, and ensure South Africa found a bowling hero after AB de Villiers had headlined their effort with the bat.  De Villiers played a perfectly paced innings to score his 21st ODI century and 		
 his highest score.  Two of five tons came in away matches.  Kohli had hit six centuries in international cricket equaling AB de Villiers and Shikhar Dhawan for the most by any batsman in 2013.  Kohli batted fluently in India's second innings to score his 		
 got the same treatment and had no idea how to handle a 151kph rip-snorting short ball.  South Africa's best batsman, AB de Villiers , made 91 but in the end fell to Johnson only.  Homophobic violence in Nepal Attempted Murder of a Meti in Kathmandu 07/08/ 		
 like CMJ Music Marathon, Summerfest, and CBGB Festival.  Gilchrist nominated South Africa captain and batsman AB de Villiers as the danger man the upcoming tournament.  "De Villiers is the most valuable cricketer on the planet.  His versatility 		
 pool.  De Villiers is a proven World Cup performer, having hit three centuries across the 2007 and 2011 tournaments.  AB de Villiers is presented with his 2015 World Cup shirt.  AP Photo: Schalk van Zuydam.  Source: AP  INDIA unveiled it's official team 		
 with 4-45 off his ten overs.  South Africa went at it in fits and starts with the major contributions coming from captain AB De Villiers , with 80, and David Miller , with 65.  However, with the captain's run out in the 40 th over , the South Africans fell away to 		
 to build the team around the explosive batting skills of their trio of superstars - skipper Virat Kohli, Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers - and, following the auction, came up with a unit that promises to be one of their most formidable in IPL history . </s> 		
 at the 2015 ICC Cricket World Cup might have failed to bring the trophy home but two batsmen – South African skipper AB de Villiers and his Zimbabwean counterpart Brendan Taylor, illuminated the showcase Down Under as they ended among the five 		
 with just eight balls remaining, was the fifth closest defeat, by balls remaining, at the World Cup.  Proteas' skipper, AB de Villiers , ended the tournament as the third highest run scorer after his eight innings produced 482 runs, at an average of 96.40, 		
 stability to the Royal Challengers' batting, which up to that point was over-dependant on South African stalwart AB de Villiers .  Virat Kohli, also joined the party in their last match against the Delhi Daredevils, hitting a match-winning 56 off 38 		
 the innings unbeaten on 131 in 47 balls hitting 14 sixes and 6 fours.  The record was broken on 18th January 2015 by AB de Villiers , who scored the fastest ODI century against the West Indies in Johannesburg from just 31 deliveries.  Trent Boult is a 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 produced a gem of a knock that powered RCB's win over SRH who set a considerably competitive total of 155 to win for them.  AB de Villiers scoring a tremendous unbeaten 89 is considered to be one of the best batsmen in T20 cricket due to his power hitting and 		
 .  Sangakkara managed just 12 runs in total from the other three innings, but it was enough to take him one point clear of AB de Villiers in second place.  Sangakkara had earlier topped the run-scoring charts in Tests in 2014, hitting 1438 runs at 71.90, 		
 as freely as Herschelle Gibbs at a matric dance, playing in integrated teams that included current national teammates AB de Villiers and JP Duminy and captained the South African under-19 side to the World Cup final in 2002.  Amla, a second generation " 		
 knocks against Pakistan at the Wanderers, the South African media was nowhere near as ejaculatory as they can be when AB de Villiers scores a century or Kallis scratches his Yorkers at second slip.  Amla is without a doubt another one of the guys in a 		
 and the Activist Patient: New Relationships Between Patients and the Market  – 27 februari 2015 Posted in: BBC  AB de Villiers hit the fastest ever 150 in one-day internationals as South Africa condemned West Indies to a crushing 257-run defeat 		
 through the West Indies batting, becoming the first South African spinner to take five wickets in a World Cup match.  AB de Villiers scored the fastest 150 in one-day internationals, from 64 balls.  It beat the previous best by 19 balls  De Villiers's 		
 overs.  Holder goes for 75 from his last 3.  John Etheridge, The Sun's cricket correspondent:  Nobody has ever batted like AB de Villiers .  Such imagination, talent, dexterity and power.  He can hit the ball anywhere he chooses.  Simon Wilde, Sunday Times 		
 ball anywhere he chooses.  Simon Wilde, Sunday Times cricket correspondent:  I thought a cricket pitch had 360 degrees.  AB de Villiers seems to have found another 90 from somewhere.  Astonishing.  William Styron and William Hope  Comparison of the book 		
 one-day cricket at this World Cup, wears the number 11 which numerology associates with wisdom.  South Africa captain AB de Villiers wears 17 – he was born on February 17 and made his Test debut on December 17.  Indian numerologist Sanjay Jumaani said most 		
 travel freak and recently traveled to City of Bath.  Having been set a target of 268 in the fourth ODI at the MCG on Friday as AB de Villiers (91 from 88 deliveries) continued his fine form, Australia's reply initially stuttered before Smith set about his 		
 popular in India.  And it was quite visible during the limited-overs cricket, when the crowd cheered cricketers like AB de Villiers , Dale Steyn, Faf du Plessis and many others.  Indian Premier League is certainly  Swapnil, Akhil Sheoran and Ishan Goel 		
 , Sri Lanka have the number one one-day batsman in the world at the moment.  You can talk all you like about Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers or Glenn Maxwell – and all of them have played superbly in this tournament – but Sanga is the man all other sides will fear 		
 from opposition in that quarter-final.  If it is to be South Africa then that is a tough match to call.  On the one hand, when AB de Villiers ' side is firing they are a match for any line-up in the world.  But if they are off their game then they are beatable, as 		
 the good deliveries.  After Mark Boucher's departure, South Africa had been looking for a good wicketkeeper batsman as AB de Villiers' workload has got to be managed at some point of time.  So, de Kock's emergence is a good thing for them.  However, the young 		
 4.  Who holds the record for the fastest one day international cricket century? 1) Corey Anderson 2) Shahid Afridi 3) AB de Villiers 4) Brian Lara 5) Rohit Sharma 5.  Which committee recommended the segregation of Chairman and Managing Director posts 		
 in the world creating the technology used by the Government.  More information from other media:  South African skipper AB de Villiers made the headlines in sports after producing record-breaking fireworks at Wanderers during ODI match against West 		
 their last five wickets inside 5.1 overs.  The win helped India climb two places to second in the world Test rankings.  AB de Villiers (43 off 297 balls) and skipper Hashim Amla (25) stonewalled the attack during their marathon innings but some of the 		
 off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin on Monday rose to a career-high second in the ICC Test rankings for bowlers even as AB de Villiers lost his top spot in the batsmen standings.  Only a sovereign and dignified person and nation, who loves and respects him 		
 Oval on May 5.  Squad: Graeme Smith (capt), Jacques Kallis (vice-capt), Loots Bosman, Johan Botha, Mark Boucher (wk), AB de Villiers , JP Duminy, Herschelle Gibbs, Rory Kleinveldt, Charl Langeveldt, Albie Morkel, Morne Morkel, Dale Steyn, Juan 		
 Junior World Boxing Championships here on Friday.  In the..  MORE "  Pune - Royal Challengers Bangalore star batsman AB de Villiers on Wednesday announced he would gift his man of the match award in the Indian Premier League eliminator here to teammate 		
 found at www.transoftsolutions.com/guidsign  Electrician In Paarl South Africa will be without their ODI captain, AB de Villiers , for the rest of the series against New Zealand.  De Villiers was suspended for two matches after a slow over rate in the 		
 .  Melbourne resident Dhawan's sparkling ton anchored century-plus partnerships with Virat Kohli (46) and Rahane as AB de Villiers' men toiled on a steamy day in the field after losing the toss.  In an uncharacteristically clumsy fielding display, the 		
 problems g...  Read Full Story "  DHARAMSHALA: There are fewer sights more appealing in world cricket than watching AB de Villiers bat.  When de Villiers goes bonkers, fans across the world, irrespective of countries, jump in delight.  Stadiums in 		
 Cup for New Zealand to enter the final.  Elliot had finished the match with a huge six in great style.  South Africa Captain AB de Villiers and his team mates were in tears when they realized that they are out of the tournament.  The first semi-final match on 		
 for 184 on the second day of the first Test.  The tourists began the day on 28-2 but struggled against the slow bowlers with AB de Villiers (63) one of only three batsmen to reach double figures.  Ashwin, who took the new ball, was backed up by fellow spinners 		
 from baseball and cycling?  What should Wada be able to do ?  If someone could do it all, what would they look like?  A bit like AB de Villiers .  Amazingly, Peyton Manning is playing at highest level of his career  F1 Fernando Alonso says he's been on ' on economy 		
 in our blog below.  [read more...]  (LIVESCORECARD 	 LATEST NEWS 	 VIDEOS) 12:19 hrs IST: The rain seems to have stopped AB de Villiers showed why he is the best batsman in the world.  The Chinnaswamy stadium celebrated the magic of de Villiers, who was 
 Borren opted to field first.  Proteas opener Hashim Amla scored 43 runs off only 20 balls while skipper Faf du Plesis and AB de Villiers scored 24 and 21 respectively.  Dutch seamer Ahsan Malik's five-wicket-haul with a stingy economy rate of 4.75 packed 		
 be coming on ground with 5 specialist bowlers in their team and this simply implies that one of the batsman Chris Gayle or AB de Villiers or captain Kohli, has to bear the batting responsibility for the most of the 20 overs this time if not all the overs.  For 		
 Lankan bowling attack kept the batsmen quiet, and South Africa will now look to its experienced duo of Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers to retrieve the situation.  Amla, the captain, was batting on 46 off 134 balls with de Villiers unbeaten on 11.  Sri 		
 match at M.  Chinnaswamy stadium, Bengaluru will be selling like hot cakes as it is supposed to be the 100 th Test match of AB de Villiers who also plays for the city's IPL team, the Royal Challengers Bangalore.  The tickets for the match can be booked via 		
 Video Highlights vs India circbuzz video hotstar starsports.com espncricinfo highlights mp4 android apk  Watch AB de Villiers 119 Runs off 61 Batting Video Highlights against India-5 th ODI SA vs Ind played at Mumbai on Oct 25, 2015.  The fabulous 		
 fence of singles and restrict the batsmen from hitting any boundaries throughout the fourth and fifth overs.  In-form AB de Villiers (10) failed to capitalize on his solid start and the momentum stuck with Punjab for the majority of the match.  Former 		
 for ball-tampering in the 31st over.  South Africa had made 517 in their first innings with Graeme Smith scoring 234 and AB de Villiers 164.  South Africa compiled a big 418-run lead over Pakistan's paltry total of 99.  For Pakistan, off-spinner Saeed 		
 Breakthrough Performance 2008: B McCullum (KKR); Best Breakthrough Performance 2009: A Kumble (RCB); Best Fielder: AB de Villiers (DD); Best Ground: M Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru; Best Stadium Experience: DY Patil Stadium, Navi Mumbai 		
 - It has been truly said"A thing of..  Before I start of this article one relevant question to all cricket enthusiasts.  Is Ab De Villiers from "Planet Earth"?  ICC would certainly need to redefine the cricket manual or there should be a disclaimer put up: " 		
 a disclaimer put up: " Please don't try this at home ." West Indies would be sick of falling prey to South Africa and mainly Ab de Villiers .As if the South African sojourn wasn't enough De Villiers has come back to haunt them again . Ab De Villiers is the new " 		
 and mainly Ab de Villiers .As if the South African sojourn wasn't enough De Villiers has come back to haunt them again . Ab De Villiers is the new "Jaadoo" of Koi Mil Gaya for South Africa.  He should surely start thinking of inventing new adjectives now as I 		
 efforts to make sure that all the nations engaged in the fight...  South Africa crushes West Indies in World Cup 2015  AB de Villiers confirmed his status as the most destructive batsman in cricket with a magnificent unbeaten 162 from just 66 balls to 		
 Friday in response to Australia's imposing  Mohali: Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin's five-wicket haul trumped AB de Villiers' gritty half-century as India grabbed a narrow 17-run lead after dismissing  New Delhi: Social media was abuzz with the 		
 ), introduced in the 10th over of the innings, then produced the big moment after cleaning up first -innings top-scorer AB de Villiers (16) on a flighted, pitched up delivery that stayed low and rushed on to the off stump.  This was the second time in the 		
 to the slips.  The Indian spinners continued to dominate and the South Africans were in deep trouble when the in-form AB de Villiers went back to the pavilion shortly after skipper Hashim Amla's dismissal.  De Villiers was fooled by the variable bounce 		
 would be hoping these two key members would buckle up and hit the ground running in the winners-take-all match.  Captain AB de Villiers has led from the front with his brilliant batting and the way he single-handedly kept SA in the hunt in the fourth match at 		
 , though their stitching hangs by a thread," he added.  Only time will tell can South Africa with talented players like AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla finally break its jinx of choking at the world cup.  Australia are used to being favourites at the World 		
 de Kock (South Africa), Zaheer Abbas (Pakistan), Herschelle Gibbs (South Africa), Saeed Anwar (Pakistan) and AB de Villiers (South Africa) and Sangakkara had achieved this.  Opting to bat first after having won the toss, Sri Lanka were put on 		
 Kings led by wily Mahendra Singh Dhoni square off against a confident Royal Challengers Bangalore under an [...]  Pune: AB de Villiers combined with Mandeep Singh for a game-changing partnership as Royal Challengers Bangalore eliminated Rajasthan 		
 the opening day of the second cricket Test, here on Saturday.  At lunch, opener Dean Elgar (38 batting) was in company of AB de Villiers (19 batting), who is playing his 100th Test match, as the duo added 33 runs for the unbroken  Alex Hales smashed a maiden 		
 color - in honor of their missing classmates Donavon Dempsey, friends with Price since they were...  23 off 207 balls and AB De Villiers 11 off 91 as South Africa stonewall India in bid to salvage draw in fourth Test in New Delhi.  assets, initially focused on 		
 before a court.  Colombo : Hashim Amla's 13th century in one-day international and a 151-run stand with captain AB de Villiers led South Africa to a convincing 75-run win in the first ODI against Sri Lanka on Sunday.  Amla scored 109 including eight 		
 Challengers Bangalore: Daniel Vettori (captain), Chris Gayle, Mayank Agarwal, Luke Pommersbach, Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers , Saurabh Tiwary, Abhimanyu Mithun, Zaheer Khan, Sreenath Aravind, J Syed Mohammad.  Chennai Super Kings: MS Dhoni ( 		
 .  On a difficult pitch, in a game they had to win to keep their semi-finals hopes alive, the Proteas posted 234 for 9 after AB de Villiers elected to bat, and then bowled the Pakistanis out for 167 in 45 overs.  With Graeme Smith, Jacques Kallis, Dale Steyn and 		
 figures and those are stats that are not going to win any team many games.  At the post-match presentations, captain AB de Villiers said: "A lot of things pleased me.  I am really delighted.  I thought we played great cricket against India and were so 		
 period.  The other players to make it to the Test team of the year included four South African cricketers – Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers , Jacques Kallis and Dale Steyn.  Interestingly, Kumar Sangakkara has been picked in the side as captain and 		
 .  South Africa had earlier posted 281-5, with Faf du Plessis making 82, in a match reduced to 43 overs per side.  Captain AB de Villiers weighed in with an unbeaten 65 for South Africa and David Miller an 18-ball 49 in a target that was escalated by 		
 been called a wide  McCullum lost his shoe at one point but his stunning innings gave New Zealand a superb start  AB de Villiers missed the chance to run out Grant Elliott when he dislodged the bails with his hands and fell over  Farhaan Behardien ( 		
 lbw by Mascarenhas, who surprisingly has been omitted from the one-day squad, who then bowled Smith for 50 off 67 balls.  AB de Villiers and JP Duminy struggled either side of a brief rain break before both fell to Trott and the South Africans were 117-5. </s> 		
 (34) provided the early impetus with a few aggressive shots.  But when Agarwal miscued a slower one from Dwayne Bravo and AB de Villiers (11) fell cheaply after lofting Shadab Jakati to long-on, Bangalore were again in trouble at to 85 for 3 in 11.5 overs and 		
 Milne and he will battle Kyle Mills and Mitchell McClenaghan for a spot in the starting XI.  McCullum's opposite number AB de Villiers said it would be difficult to change a winning side after their crushing nine-wicket win over Sri Lanka in their 		
 Fights in the History of Cricket Chris Gayle 2015 World Cup: South Africa v West Indies - List of world records broken AB De Villiers also brought up 3000 ODI runs as a captain in 50-over cricket Most runs conceded by a bowler in 50-over World Cups - Jason 		
 in 1996. 16 - The number of sixes Gayle struck equalled the most for an individual ODI innings shared by South Africa's AB de Villiers and India's Rohit Sharma. 5 - The number of double centuries now scored in the 3,612 match history of ODI cricket, with 		
 Of Toronto Electrician Norfolk Va 50+ items · Find 401 listings related to Electricians  South African batsman AB de Villiers has replaced Australia's Steve Smith as the top-ranked batsman in the ... Stuart MacGill has said that he did not like 		
 to take two points and follow from there.  A lack of intensity from South Africa against Pakistan has left captain AB de Villiers demanding more ahead of their next fixture.  AB de Villiers has urged South Africa to click back into top gear against the 		
 from South Africa against Pakistan has left captain AB de Villiers demanding more ahead of their next fixture.  AB de Villiers has urged South Africa to click back into top gear against the United Arab Emirates next week after they failed to fire in 		
 with a job well done.  "This is a big win for us - we were 30-40 runs short, but the bowlers did their job," said Misbah.  AB de Villiers could not save South Africa as they were beaten by 29 runs by Pakistan in a rain-affected Cricket World Cup thriller. </s> 		
 29 runs via the Duckworth-Lewis method in a thrilling Cricket World Cup clash at Eden Park - despite the best efforts of AB de Villiers .  Waqar Younis' side slumped from 212-6 to 222 all out in their rain-affected 47-over innings but Wahab Riaz, Rahat Ali 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 Amlas century posing a 305-run victory target on Sunday at the R.  Premadasa Stadum.  Amla's 151-run partnership with AB de Villiers (75) was the perfect foil for the Proteas to drive home the final assault with David Miller coming to the party as South 		
 for funding.  SA Wins the Series 3-2.  On being asked what was the reason he elected to bat after winning the toss, AB de Villiers said, "Biggest reason is it is a final, nice to have runs on the board and put pressure on the Indian team.  " The script 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 to the slips.  The Indian spinners continued to dominate and the South Africans were in deep trouble when the in-form AB de Villiers went back to the pavilion shortly after skipper Hashim Amla's dismissal.  De Villiers was fooled by the variable bounce 		
 third victim leaving RCB at 26 for the loss of four wickets from 3.5 overs.  All hopes were then pinned on Yuvraj Singh and AB de Villiers who steadied the innings with great shots all over the park for a 41 run stand.  Then Rishi Dhawan dismissed de Villiers on 		
 hit spinner Rangana Herath [...]  13/11/2013 / Comments Off on McCullum fires NZ to victory / Read More  SHARJAH: AB de Villiers stormed to an unbeaten century to help South Africa beat Pakistan convincingly by 117 runs in the fifth and final 		
 convincingly by 117 runs in the fifth and final one-day in Sharjah yesterday, winning the five-match series 4-1.  AB de Villiers scored 115 from 102 balls with ten boundaries and three sixes-his 15th one-day hundred-to lift South Africa to an [...] </s> 		
 , have also seen wicketkeeper Mark Boucher and star all-rounder Jacques Kallis retire in recent times.  ODI skipper AB de Villiers will play as a specialist batsman to protect a hamstring injury, with 21-year-old Quinton de Kock to keep wicket.  The 		
 in world cricket can stop the run flow, especially from de Villiers bat.  But the Proteas are going to be a strong unit with AB de Villiers back into their squad after missing the ODI series against Bangladesh.  Holiday Inn offers a Kids Stay and Eat Free 		
 Fakhreddine Ben Youssef, who were late withdrawals from the squad because of injury.  Both [...]  South Africa batsman AB de Villiers hit a century off 31 balls to record the fastest ever one-day international ton.  De Villiers, 30, set the new landmark 		
 deliveries at such a brisk pace.  Morne Morkel hits the deck hard and hurries the batsmen with his bounce.  He said that if AB De Villiers keeps wicket, it could affect his batting.  As per Swann, South Africa should play a specialist wicket keeper and let AB 		
 keeps wicket, it could affect his batting.  As per Swann, South Africa should play a specialist wicket keeper and let AB De Villiers concentrate on his batting.  These letters were written from students to the donors that make their attendance at Link 		
 songs are priced between r6 and r10 each, while albums can cost anything from r30 to r120. the monthly subscription.  Ab de villiers to keep wicket for south africa in opening tests against england, • previous keepers quinton de kock and dane vilas 		
 , • previous keepers quinton de kock and dane vilas dropped • uncapped left-handed batsman rilee rossouw called up ab de villiers will return to the role of wicketkeeper for south africa in the opening two tests of their series against england 		
 moved into the World Cup quarter-finals with a routine 146-run victory over United Arab Emirates.  Proteas captain AB de Villiers top scored and was dismissed on 99 after [...]  12 March 2015 Last updated at 10:47 By James Gallagher Health editor, BBC 		
 cracking strike in the 11th minute had put India into the lead in the game.  The Indians  South African batting mainstay AB de Villiers feels way too much has been made out of their loss in the first cricket Test against India on a spinning wicket and says 		
 9, 2014.  The record was earlier registered in the name of a.  Sachin Tendulkar b.  Vivian Richards c.  Allan Border d.  AB de Villiers  28.  The Governor of which Indian State in first week of November, 2014 signed the controversial billthat has the 		
 cricket' series against South Africa.  Who was adjudged 'Man of the Series'? a.  Michael Clarke (Australia) b.  AB de Villiers (South Africa) c.  Steve Smith (Australia) d.  None of the above  72.  Which team won 'Vijay Hazare Trophy 2014-15' after 		
 in 1996, 1999, 2007 and 2011, it always found itself on the wrong side of the result.  But on Wednesday (March 18) evening, AB de Villiers and his men laid those ghosts to rest in the most comprehensive of fashions.  Through a steady diet of hostile pace, 		
 Cricket World Cup.  South Africa wasn't letting this one go.  Quinton de Kock followed up a...  Read More →  Q.  Obviously, AB de Villiers was particularly destructive when he last played at this ground, and Sri Lanka with the batsmen you have on your side as 		
 , and it has one of the best batsmen and the best bowlers in world cricket.  But the knockouts have troubled South Africa.  AB de Villiers has promised his team won't choke on the morrow, but previous South African captains have made similar utterances with 		
 pet supplies, musical instruments, personal hygiene products and many more products.  South African cricketer AB De Villiers has hit the fastest 150 in one-day internationals (ODI's).  He achieved this feat in 64 balls in World Cup Pool B match 		
 B match against West Indies held at Sydney and also broke the previous record of Australia's Shane Watson by 19 balls.  AB De Villiers in the innings scored 162 runs from 66 balls and it comprised of 8 sixes and 17 fours.  In this match, South Africa scored 		
 8 sixes and 17 fours.  In this match, South Africa scored 408 runs which is the second-highest total in World Cup history.  AB de Villiers (South Africa) – Scored in 64 balls against West Indies.  Shane Watson (Austraia) – Scored in 83 balls against 		
 (D) 8.5% 2) Name the Britain's largest state-owned bank, which recently decided to shut down its [...]  pos Rat Name 1 898 AB de Villiers 899 on 18th January 2015 against West Indies 2 849 Hashim Amla 901 on 5th September 2012 against England 3 849 Kumar 		
 go as Manpreet Gony, Amit Mishra combination scalped his wicket, putting RCB in to real trouble.  Real trouble came when AB De Villiers edged Gony to Sangakkara behind the stumps.  RCB lost four big wickets for just 29 runs.  At this juncture Sourabh Tiwary 		
 over the ground.  All-rounder Kallis, 38, was the junior partner in an excellent fourth-wicket stand of 127 with AB de Villiers (74) that got South Africa out of trouble on day three.  De Villiers, who bagged a century to help save the first test in 		
 remains a threat in Africa, Afghanistan and Pakistan, which ... Continue reading →  BENONI: South African captain AB de Villiers hit an unbeaten 95 to guide his side to a series-clinching six-wicket win in the fifth and final one-day international 		
 teeth'.  On a day when the cricket community should have been hailing Imran Tahir's four-wicket haul on his ODI debut and AB de Villiers's brilliant century as South Africa thumped West Indies by seven wickets, the World Cup looked like it was turning into 		
 in all competitions, and...  Read More  The Indian bowlers had a torrid time against South African batting line-up led by AB de Villiers but senior off-spinner Harbhajan Singh on Wednesday said he "enjoyed the challenge" as he managed to hold his own for 		
 one.  Compare those to the numbers of New Zealand's Brendon McCullum (27), India's Virat Kohli (30), South African duo AB de Villiers (34) and Dale Steyn (39) and Australia's Mitchell Johnson (34),  In a cricketing world of T20 globetrotters, only five 		
 Bangladesh 2014 · England in.  Having been asked to bat, with dew in the Chittagong night once again a key factor for. . AB de Villiers calls for dangerman Dale Steyn, who starts with a wide.. . #wt20 #EngvSA pic .twitter.com/zXi.  Mar 22, 2014 . . Girls 		
 by the in-form South Africa ns, who crushed West Indies by 257 runs in Sydney on Friday.  That victory had been set up by AB de Villiers ' 162 in a total of 408 for five but on Tuesday it was opener Amla who led the way as South Africa fell just two runs short of 		
 Australia's tour of the West Indies at No.4 but has now leapfrogged the previous No. 1, Kumar Sangakkara, as well as AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla, to take the top spot.  Smith was Man of the Match in Australia's victory in the second Test in Kingston, 		
 <s> Three Tons In Innings Power SA To 438  Faf du Plessis' first, Quinton de Kock's second and AB de Villiers' third centuries of the series saw South Africa soar to the highest total of the five matches so far and the highest ever in 		
 of schoolboy cricket is upon us as the winds of winter approach and cricket activity becomes limited to cheering on AB de Villiers and the Proteas at the World Cup.  With CoursePack Creator, you can quickly create on-line collections of 		
 Jadeja, Virendra Sehwag, Adam Gilchrist, Gautam Ghambir, Yousuf Phatan, Kevin Pollard,Rahul Dravid,Shane Watson, AB de Villiers , Michael Clarke and many more! •Play the complete IPL season 5 tournaments with your favourite IPL team and stars! • 		
 I foresee a South African win with their strong batting, lethal bowling and an all-round fielding side led by mercurial AB de Villiers ," Jonty said.  Talking highly of the South African pace attack comprising Dale Steyn, Morne Morkel, Wayne Parnell and 		
 skipper Virat Kohli) told me that since South Africa will have three right-handers (Hashim Amla, Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers ) in their top-order, they wanted a left-arm spinner (Ravindra Jadeja) to go with an off-spinner.  It was really nice of 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 in a sport long seen to be dominated by whites.  Cricket South Africa (CSA) had identified Amla, one-day skipper AB de Villiers and Twenty20 leader Faf du Plessis as the potential successors to Graeme Smith, who retired from the international 		
 Kleinveldt, Ryan McLaren and Robin Peterson, while Smith has retired.  Squads: Test: H Amla (capt), K Abbott, Q de Kock, AB de Villiers , JP Duminy, Faf du Plessis, D Elgar, I Tahir, M Morkel, W Parnell, A Petersen, V Philander, D Piedt, D Steyn, Stiaan van 		
 Faf du Plessis, D Elgar, I Tahir, M Morkel, W Parnell, A Petersen, V Philander, D Piedt, D Steyn, Stiaan van Zyl.  One-day: AB de Villiers (capt), H Amla, Q de Kock, JP Duminy, Faf du Plessis, B Hendricks, I Tahir, J Kallis, R McLaren, D Miller, M Morkel, W 		
 .  Delhi Daredevils beat them by 17 runs.  Batting first, a solid start from David Warner and a good partnership between AB de Villiers and Dinesh Karthik, took Delhi Daredevils to a fighting score of 183 for 4.  Warner scored 33 off 14 balls.  Sehwag coould 		
 , Euphoria and Good Health.  A certifiable and minding association doesn't have to talk loud,...  Continue Reading →  AB De Villiers Century As South Africa, Indian XI draw AB De Villiers ton revives South Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer 		
 association doesn't have to talk loud,...  Continue Reading →  AB De Villiers Century As South Africa, Indian XI draw AB De Villiers ton revives South Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer Shardul Thakur pushed South Africa to the backfoot 		
 Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer Shardul Thakur pushed South Africa to the backfoot before the classy AB de Villiers rallied the tourists...  Continue Reading →  Dale Steyn is a 'different ballgame': KL Rahul Dale Steyn different 		
 side in all the departments as compared to India.  During the match the toss was again won by the South Africa Captain AB de Villiers and he opted to bat first and they managed a very good total of 303/5 in 50 Overs.  This was look easy for the India team when 		
 10 wickets, and it helped his side record a first series win over South Africa in 11 years.  He trapped both Dean Elgar and AB de Villiers leg before wicket early on day three but captain Hashim Amla (39) and Faf du Plessis (39) added 72 for the fifth wicket – 		
 match.  South Africa's only Test series win on Indian soil took place in Bangalore in 2000.  In addition to this, if AB de Villiers ' is fit to play, it will be his 100th Test match.  "If all works out this will be AB de Villiers' 100th Test match and it could 		
 2000.  In addition to this, if AB de Villiers' is fit to play, it will be his 100th Test match.  "If all works out this will be AB de Villiers' 100th Test match and it could not be a more appropriate venue as it has become AB's second home through his involvement 		
 the year awards, as BBC reported.  Sri Lanka batsman Sangakkara and captain Mathews are also up for both.  South Africa's AB de Villiers completes the cricketer of the year nominees, while Australia opener David Warner has been nominated for the Test 		
 )  Further details about the program at www.africa-positive.de  Home ' Cricket Cup ' No regrets for De Villiers '  AB de Villiers insists South Africa will depart the Cricket World Cup with their heads held high despite failing under pressure once 		
 once again.  South Africa will have "no regrets" over their Cricket World Cup semi-final defeat to New Zealand, insists AB de Villiers , despite a string of errors in the match.  The Proteas recovered well from a momentum-sapping rain delay to post 281-5 		
 things  South Africa has named seven players from the side that played in its backyard four years ago.  They are captain AB de Villiers , Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Robin Peterson, Graeme Smith, Dale Steyn and Lonwabo Tsotsobe.  De Villiers shares the top 		
 need to bowl in the right areas if India are to contain the likes of Hashim Amla, Faf du Plessis, JP Duminy, not to mention, AB de Villiers .  South Africa also have a young bowling lineup in the absence of senior pros like Dale Steyn and Morne Morkel, so the 		
 ), introduced in the 10th over of the innings, then produced the big moment after cleaning up first -innings top-scorer AB de Villiers (16) on a flighted, pitched up delivery that stayed low and rushed on to the off stump.  This was the second time in the 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 Kings led by wily Mahendra Singh Dhoni square off against a confident Royal Challengers Bangalore under an [...]  Pune: AB de Villiers combined with Mandeep Singh for a game-changing partnership as Royal Challengers Bangalore eliminated Rajasthan 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 be made into keepsakes for weddings, anniversaries or birthdays.  Drying your own flowers ...  South African captain AB de Villiers , meanwhile, bemoaned his side's inability to adapt to an untypical Centurion pitch, which in winter conditions was 		
 up to 14 million people--nearly...  Read more  Gritty South Africa defy India in fourth Test  NEW DELHI: South Africa's AB de Villiers (R) plays a shot during the fourth day of the fourth Test cricket match between India and South Africa at the Feroz Shah 		
 India against Australia in the fourth and final Test in Sydney, has 862 points in his kitty, still 25 points behind AB de Villiers of South Africa, who is heading the list It was his record setting 213th catchThe two suspects arrested following the 		
 a lot in the ongoing series.  The South African middle order is looking extremely fragile in the absence of Kallis.  AB De Villiers is not in the best of nicks and there is no other experienced batsman in the middle order to hold the innings.  Many people 		
 goal scorer in Steve Snow.  First there was the ODI against South Africa in Port Elizabeth where he had been eaten alive by AB de Villiers .  Instead of fifa 15 fut coins and collapsing in his mental prison like some other bowlers are wont to do after being 		
 lost four wickets for 25 runs.  Peterson became Anderson's second victim after he was trapped in front and skipper Ab De Villiers failed to open his account after he was caught behind off Broad.  Tredwell's double strikes to remove Jean Paul Duminy (3 		
 and could not cross the semi-finals in any of the International Cricket Council (ICC) events.  This time the team led by AB de Villiers looks determined and they have reasons to do so.  They way they sprung back in the tournament after having lost the 		
 over and, A Berdych-Ferrer quarter-final looks likely. the England wicketkeeper having earlier put down Amla and AB de Villiers ,ã"ã¤ããã3, but when his opening partner top-edged a short Tim Bresnan delivery to wicketkeeper Kieswetter in the 20th 		
 of South Africas Greatest Batsmen by :  South Africa has produced some of the best batsmen in the world, with AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla dominating the recent ICC rankings.  Previous teams and generations have included their own legends. </s> 		
 a pull off seamer Mohit Sharma and Shami, who had claimed de Kock's wicket, took a well-judged catch at long leg.  Skipper AB de Villiers made 30 in a 68-run stand for the third wicket with du Plessis when he was run out as Mohit Sharma rifled in a throw from deep 		
 and England teammate Freddie Flintoff as his heroes, though he supports South Africa - and says he would love to meet AB de Villiers and Shaun Pollock.  The MySpace profile was set up to tie in with the Karmapa's first visit to Britain since 2005.  At the 		
 three ODI centuries in a row-Zaheer Abbas and Saeed Anwar of Pakistan, the South African trio of Herschelle Gibbs, AB de Villiers and Quinton de Kock, and Ross Taylor of New Zealand.  Dilshan followed his unbeaten 161 against Bangladesh with his 		
 their side.  The majestic play from his side scoring a huge 175 runs is portrayal of how devastating RCB can be for others.  AB de Villiers is at no. 3 after Kohli and Chris Gayle who is also very destructive with his bat on the pitch.  The weaker middle order of 		
 square metres to accommodate 225 retail outlets.  The airport is designed to cater for 45 million passengers per annum.  AB de Villiers became the fastest batsman to reach 8000 ODI runs during the third ODI against New Zealand in Durban, surpassing the 		
 start at the end of this month. secondary and feeder roads in the country.  KA Pollard Mum Indians v RCB 14 May 2012 7th 54 AB de Villiers .相关的主题文章:  "We have competition there and there are some outstanding players who werent involved in this game.  The 		
 . letheatre.net.  But the visitors will feel they got off the hook after rallying from 107-5. as Ashwell Prince and AB de Villiers calmed South African nerves with a 122-run stand for the sixth wicket. 70:27 Corner, Assisted by Steve Diggin with a 		
 blood after posting 447 in the first...  Read More  Faf du Plessis was cramping badly by the end of his epic innings, even as AB de Villiers was also bringing the hammer down.  (Source: Express photo by Kevin D'Souza) He was hobbling, he was limping, he was 		
 exit from the tournament.  Dale Steyn and Beuran Hendricks grabbed one wicket apiece for South Africa.  Earlier, AB de Villiers smashed 69 not out to help South Africa amass a massive total.  De Villiers hit three sixes and nine fours off 28 balls to 		
 three in their second innings at the close, an overall lead of 411, with Graeme Smith (52), Hashim Amla (50 not out) and AB de Villiers (63 not out) hitting half-centuries.  It was another triumph for South Africa's barrage of fast bowlers and the third 		
 routed out for 47 in 2011/12 and New Zealand were dismissed for 45 earlier this season.  Both matches were in Cape Town.  AB de Villiers equalled the South African wicketkeeping record by holding six catches and there were three catches in the slips as the 		
 team to win World Cup will be South Africa because they have world's best fast bowler Dale Steyn and best batsman AB de Villiers in their side," he added.  One of the meanest fast bowlers of early 80's, Hogg has a typical pacer's temperament and does 		
 orders with Chris Gayle and Virat Kohli.  Also the Cheteshwar Pujara who has gained hype in the recent matches along with AB de Villiers is another asset here.  The once show toppers Super Kings at present are resting between the Mumbai and Rajasthan teams. </s> 		
 , at an average of 16.60.  He was one of three South Africans included in the World team, including Jacques Kallis and AB de Villiers .  Wayne, still a registered NMMU student last year, is excited with his meteoric rise but he is intent on keeping his feet 		
 us to bowl well," Ashwin noted.  Left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja also took four wickets, including the crucial one of AB de Villiers , who was going strong at 85 in his 100th Test.  Varun Aaron took the important wicket of South African skipper Hashim Amla 		
 and planning for the game is concerned, but what matters is how you execute on that particular day," he said.  Asked about AB de Villiers injury, Kohli said he should be fine.  "He told me he has done that few times in his career and he should be fine - he is 		
 Chris Gayle in the team does add weightage to the team's batting order.  On the other side Captain Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers are also deadly batsmen who can devastate any bowling order with their batting.  Looking at the similarity between the 		
 fuel stations in the state.  The decision comes in after approval for...  Read more  Johannesburg: Proteas' ODI captain AB de Villiers has taken the top spot on a list of South African celebrities with the greatest number of Twitter followers.  Teammates 		
 , suggested the Proteas have gone a long way to shaking the 'chokers' tag that has stuck with them for so long.  "The team AB de Villiers has at the moment has shaken off a lot of the failings of previous South African sides," Ponting said.  He further added, " 		
 , it is pretty common for cricketers to aggressively promote their charity work but South Africa's star batsman AB de Villiers is not one of them and he goes quietly about his job of improving the lot of the children in his country.  He is associated 		
 that remains largely unknown among cricket fans and hence it figures in this list about some of the unknown facts about AB de Villiers' life.  His favourite movie is the Russell Crowe epic Gladiator and considering the plot of the movie it is not at all 		
 or the other that helps them in getting away from the rigours of professional sport during some downtime, however for AB de Villiers it is different since he has takes his hobby of being a composer and guitarist quite seriously.  AB has appeared on local 		
 <s> All cricketers have their secret crushes and actresses whom they admire for their beauty and acting skill.  In case of AB de Villiers it is British actress Kate Beckinsale who has acted in such successful films like The Aviator and Total Recall.  It is not 		
 academics do not often work well but as is the case about almost every stereotype in the world, there are exceptions and AB de Villiers is certainly one of them as he not only excelled in sports but was also a top level student.  Former South African 		
 .  Whether it is on television or during big write ups on sports magazines, de Villiers is always referred to as 'AB' or ' AB de Villiers ' and nowhere would you come across the full form of the abbreviation 'AB'.  So, it is safe to say that this is a rather 		
 Sport That He Has Tried  As everyone knows, South Africa is a nation that encourages sports and for someone as talented as AB de Villiers , it was not difficult at all to get noticed by the sports coaches at school.  Other than cricket, he was a champion 		
 he picked up golf and has already fine tuned his handicap to scratch.  If you ever want to see a complete sportsman then AB de Villiers is probably your answer.  The Press Photographer of the Year Awards were established to bring the talented & memorable 		
 budget.  Please contact info@aim4asia.org if you have questions about your gift.  Wellington: South Africa skipper AB de Villiers admits the Proteas are one of the form sides going into the World Cup but he is reluctant to talk up his team's chances.  "We 		
 the "M [Read story...]  Times LIVEDe Villiers sparkles as South Africa edge India in first ODITimes LIVESouth Africa's AB de Villiers plays a shot during their first one-day international cricket match against India in Kanpur, India, October 11, 2015. </s> 		
 to be the best-ranked Indian batsmen at number eleven.  In the ICC batting rankings that were topped by South Africa's AB de Villiers .  Vijay's 75 and 47 in the first and second innings respectively made his presence felt in the batting chart that has no 		
 cut in the next two games.  The South African team has had a mix and match kind of performance by their batsmen with skipper AB de Villiers scoring a hundred and Faf du Plessis hitting three half- centuries in as many matches.  Quinton de Kock returned to form 		
 produced a gem of a knock that powered RCB's win over SRH who set a considerably competitive total of 155 to win for them.  AB de Villiers scoring a tremendous unbeaten 89 is considered to be one of the best batsmen in T20 cricket due to his power hitting and 		
 @LucyHattonXxx https://t.co/rZ7omJC347  Ruling Body: Cricket South Africa: Captain: Hashim Alma (Test); AB de Villiers (ODI); Faf du Plessis (T20) Coach: Russell Domingo: Granted Test status: 1889 Features.  The grim state of South Africa 		
 latter beat the hosts by 214 runs sealing the first ever bilateral series win in the country.  Centuries were scored by AB de Villiers , Quinton de Kock and Faf du Plessis attaining a massive 3-2 series win.  4) Which HC has indicated that castration of 		
 fast cricket action to spread the musical love and musical entertainment everywhere.  Who is on the IPL Logo : Gayle or AB De Villiers  Chris Gayle and AB De Villiers are both in doubt that its them on the IPL LOGO And they have been seen mostly in this action. </s> 		
 the musical love and musical entertainment everywhere.  Who is on the IPL Logo : Gayle or AB De Villiers  Chris Gayle and AB De Villiers are both in doubt that its them on the IPL LOGO And they have been seen mostly in this action.  Is this for real.  Are they 		
 can be seen clearly by comparing these two images.  Credit: NASA/NOAA/CIMSS, Univ. of Wisconsin  DUBAI : South Africa's AB de Villiers has surged to the top of the batting chart in the latest ICC Test Player Rankings, which were released on Tuesday 		
 previous innings, managed just a single run this time before walking off even before the umpire gave him out.  Dangerman AB de Villiers failed to score while Faf du Plessis was bowled for 10 when the batsman attempted an ugly heave and missed the line of the 		
 in many parts of the world.  But some conservatives in Iran took offe...  RECORDS tumbled at an alarming rate during AB de Villiers' remarkable innings against West Indies on Sunday.  Check out the new marks set by the ...  This research has studied OTE, 		
 <s> Posted by adecker on Nov 11th, 2009 and is filed under Fall 2009 .  At first, Broad trapped South African wicket keeper, AB De Villiers , in front of the wicket with an in swinging delivery.  It was a fuller length bowl and was coming in slightly.  De Villiers 		
 in Bengaluru ahead of the second Test, which starts on Saturday, and was immediately sent for scans.  His captain AB de Villiers was quoted by media as saying Philander suffered the knock in a team football exercise, and added: "Vernon stepped on 		
 overs cost a whopping 49 runs Chis Woakes ended McCullum s knock by bowling him off a bottom edge.  South Africa s AB de Villiers holds the record for the fastest-ever one-day international fifty, off just 16 balls, made against the West Indies 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 the second day of the first cricket Test match against India here on Friday at the Punjab Cricket Association Stadium.  AB de Villiers (26) and Vernon Philander were the two unbeaten batsmen at the crease.  The visiting team resumed play at 28/2 on Friday. </s> 		
 .  South Africans could play the winning stroke on the twelfth over.  Dale Steyn has been awarded as Man of the Match, while AB de Villiers has become the Man of the Series.  India has reiterated its dismal performances in the away series.  Before joining the 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 a hint of vulnerability to spin, the hosts have a good chance to regain control.  Ashwin's dominance of the dangerous AB de Villiers is a huge confidence-booster, and it will be interesting to find out if the classy South African finds an answer to the 		
 tied matches in January 2014? 1) George Bailey 2) Alastair Cook 3) Mahendra Singh Dhoni 4) Graeme Smith 5) AB de Villiers  16.  Amar Kant, Jnanpith Award winner in 2009, passed away on February 17, 2014.  He was a writer in which of the following 		
 to help you find the title you want to ponder and learn from:  De Villiers sparkles as South Africa edge India  KANPUR: AB de Villiers and Rohit Sharma enhanced personal reputations with scintillating centuries but it was the timely interventions of 		
 Ashwin for the match.  PLAYING TO WIN Bangladesh left-hander Haque, who requires one more 50 to equal South African AB de Villiers' record of scoring a half-century in 12 consecutive Tests, hoped the home team will put up a tough fight.  "Of course, we 		
 with 3.79 ERA and reduces his walks to 76 in 142 innings. denverpost.com  Ashwin picks up his fourth in the innings pitch.  AB de Villiers is the new man in.  He needs to stay for South Africa to get close to the target. 9.47 IST: WICKET.  Ashwin doesn't wait for 		
 to play 100 Tests, when the Bangalore match gets underway.  On Saturday at Bangalore's M Chinnaswamy Stadium, AB de Villiers will become the seventh South African cricketer to play 100 Tests.  The in-form batsman, who has played 99, will follow 		
 learning process.  Jun 19, 2015 . Video : MS Dhoni pushes Mustafizur Rahman in India vs. 2015, 2nd Test at Bengaluru · AB de Villiers : 100th Test for cricket's Gen X war prince.  Being pushed by Dhoni with his shoulder, Mustafizur felt little discomfort 		
 in the death overs.  That was the main reason why South Africa lost the match.  Earlier, the skipper of South Africa, AB De Villiers , won the toss and decided to bat first.  The Pakistani team made a very good start to the match and got the all important 		
 two wickets, the Proteas batsmen started playing cautiously and as a result, the run rate slowed down.  JP Duminy and AB De Villiers hit some sixes towards the end, but, even after that, South Africa managed to put only 133 runs on the board in 20 overs. </s> 		
 become cool again and new pop stars like Avril Lavigne and Pink are seen wearing these baubles.]  Degree: Never once has AB de Villiers had to face up in a Test without a helmet.  Profession: 2009 after by sylvia day after school anal age of empires war chiefs 		
 included only 6 fours but 14 towering sixes.  At number 1 is the outstanding innings played by one of the greats of the game AB de Villiers at Johannesburg against the West Indies in January, 2015 and the best thing about the innings was that there was no wild 		
 and so forth.  Information on working and interacting with the system.  India Test way turns Ashwin mastery  R Ashwin and AB de Villiers loomed as the principal protagonists, based both on recent form and storied pedigree.  Ashwin picked up his fourth 		
 triumph over South Africa Sunday in the final match of a five one-day international series won 3-2 by the hosts.  Captain AB de Villiers and predecessor Graeme Smith (125 each) struck tons as South Africa made 312-4, but a century from Kumar Sangakkara ( 		
 recovering from injury to clinch the ...  India vs South Africa 2015, 1st ODI at Kanpur highlights: Rohit Sharma and AB de Villiers light it up, India bowl poorly at the death ... – South Africa beat India by five runs in a thriller at Green Park, Kanpur, 		
 .  But bowling for some time boosted my confidence.  We got to see how much effort is put in by players like Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers .  They are perhaps the best batsmen in the world and we are looking forward to bowling more to them during the next two days 		
 .  They will be looking forward to clinch win from the Chennai this time and mark their score card.  In the mast match AB de Villiers proved to be lethal for the team in the super over defeating them by a single run.  Sehwag's score of scoring 25 gave a sound 		
 Stadium, Pune  Get Free Updates in your Inbox  In today's ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 match, South Africa met West Indies.  AB de Villiers 162 runs Highlights Video West Indies vs S...  Last time we saw some best performances in World Cup 2011.  Now ICC Cricket 		
 of 50 balls including 9 long sixes.  Gayle and Kohli are a tough competition for the orange cap this year for each other.  AB de Villiers is no less than these two however till now he has not able to get scope for showing his play.  If we talk about the weaker 		
 10 South African first-innings wickets, as the hosts took a slender lead on the second day of the opening test on Friday.  AB de Villiers struggled initially but made a swashbuckling 63 off 83 balls as the touring side were all out for 184, conceding a 		
 ), Wahab Riaz (3-45) and Mohammad Irfan (3-52) then bowled with venom to bundle South Africa out for 202 in 33.3 overs.  AB de Villiers smashed a remarkable 58-ball 77 with 5 sixes and 7 fours but his dismissal ninth man down closed a 3rd win consecutively 		
 <s> Did ye know Kazakhstan's traditional New Year is called Nauryz [...]  HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) – South Africa captain AB de Villiers said his country needs to win the Cricket World Cup before it can erase its reputation for choking at the tournament.  The 		
 in 18.4 overs.  By this time, RCB were in the game, but when Vinay Kumar came to bowl in the last over, it was KKR all around.  AB de Villiers skip changing the strike as he was sure of hitting a long shot, but this proved wrong for Royal Challengers Bangalore.  An 		
 transport links to The Royal High School and it is possible that further school bus routes will be added in the future.  AB De Villiers Century As South Africa, Indian XI draw AB De Villiers ton revives South Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer 		
 that further school bus routes will be added in the future.  AB De Villiers Century As South Africa, Indian XI draw AB De Villiers ton revives South Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer Shardul Thakur pushed South Africa to the backfoot 		
 Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer Shardul Thakur pushed South Africa to the backfoot before the classy AB de Villiers rallied the tourists...  Continue Reading →  Dale Steyn is a 'different ballgame': KL Rahul Dale Steyn different 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 ball scoring a record breaking 264 runs off 173 balls ( the highest individual score in an ODI ).  Two months later, Mr.360 AB De Villiers of South Africa broke the record of the fastest ODI hundred at New Wanderers stadium, Johannesburg batting against the 		
 <s> Heart broken!  A very dark day.  You will be missed, Phil Hughes.  My prayers and thoughts go out to his family & friends – AB de Villiers  Just heard the worst news possible..our thoughts & prayers are with Phil, his family & friends.  RIP Phil Hughes!! – 		
 with 152 for 7, and the Delhi Daredevils ended on a score of 152 for 5.  Bangalore was up to bat first in the Super Over, and AB de Villiers hit no less than two sixes.  The two sixes made up 12 of the 15 runs for the Royal Challengers Bangalore.  The Delhi 		
 winner in Wrestling, at a function in New Delhi on August 18, 2012.  Birmingham, June 10 (IANS) South Africa captain AB de Villiers elected to bat against Pakistan in a crucial Group B encounter of the Champions...  Kelvatek have collaborated with 		
 .  "The bowlers did a brilliant job in getting them seven down but we let it slip at the end," said South African captain AB de Villiers . – AFP  Other organisations the foundation has supported include:  Martin E.  Franklin (President and Treasurer) 	 	
 at point and Morkel disconsolate at fine-leg.  One man's joy was another's heartbreak, at the end of a see-saw day.  When AB de Villiers chose to bat, McCullum unleashed his mob of fast bowlers, packing the slips cordon and daring South Africa's batsmen to 		
 is all about clearing the ropes and so we feel there is a real chance of players such as David Warner, Kane Williamson and AB De Villiers , to name but three, hitting the requisite number of sixes.  And with deadly bowlers like Mitchell Johnson and Dale Steyn 		
 left-hander being bowled off the inside edge on his overnight score of seven.  Jadeja held a return catch from dangerman AB de Villiers , who failed to score, and bowled Faf du Plessis for 10 when the batsman attempted an ugly heave and missed the line of the 		
 in the absence of their vital weapon, Mitchell Starc.  The sloppy fielding of the other night will just not do.  Men like AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli, who add impetus to any fielding side, will have to lead the way.  Kohli and his men haven't done justice to 		
 the "M [Read story...]  Times LIVEDe Villiers sparkles as South Africa edge India in first ODITimes LIVESouth Africa's AB de Villiers plays a shot during their first one-day international cricket match against India in Kanpur, India, October 11, 2015. </s> 		
 time out there and give yourself a chance it always becomes a lot easier.  The Proteas will again rely heavily on captain AB De Villiers , with the skipper the leading run scorer in the series with 271 runs at an average of 67.75 following his 91 in Melbourne. </s> 		
 Court.  Union Ministry of Chemicals & Fertilizers declared 2015 as Year of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients.  AB de Villiers of South Africa hit the fastest 150 runs in ODI  Rafael Nadal of Spain won the Argentina Tennis Open,  Scientists 		
 side in second position on theReliance ICC Player Rankings for Test batsmen.  Chanderpaul trails number-one ranked AB de Villiers by 11 ratings points and stands a good chance of even breaking the 900-rating point barrier, a benchmark for top batsmen 		
 <s> "When you play against the quality bowling attack of India, you got to limit your freedom to score," Domingo quipped.  On AB de Villiers failing to score a century in his 100th Test match, Domingo said it was disappointing that he got out at 85, caught behind 		
 KwaZulu-Natal has soured relations between President Jacob Zuma and his allies in Cosatu and the SA Communist Party.  AB de Villiers at his best was not enough to rescue the Proteas in the 4th ODI against India on Thursday.  Judges are legally required to 		
 to access a school environment without travelling to Sale and Bairnsdale.  But on Wednesday (March 18) evening, AB de Villiers and his men laid those ghosts to rest in the most comprehensive of fashions.  Through a steady diet of hostile pace, 		
 Swashbuckling England wicket- keeper batsman Jos Buttler Saturday admitted he follows South African master blaster AB de Villiers in batting, which led him to smash the fastest one-day hundred for his countryuttler, 25, smashed 52-ball 116 not </s> 		
 dew, made light of the stiff target following a rip-roaring opening stand of 77 from 53 balls between Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers .  Amla hit 36 off 24 balls and de Villiers contributed a typically aggressive 51 from 32 deliveries that included seven 		
 a response to acclaimed political analyst and academic Steven Friedman's Facebook post on the topic of Protea skipper AB de Villiers' racist inclinations in ... Read the rest  PRAAG campaign for hard news site  Support our project to subscribe to a major 		
 ODIs after record of four successive hundreds of years at the World glass.  Williamson has most hundreds of years while AB de Villiers has hit generally sixes.  Joe Root, Top scorer in ODIs in 2015  Most runs scored in Tests in 2015  It's transforming into a 		
 the top 10 has re-jigged and a number of Proteas batsmen have risen in the ICC Player Rankings for ODI Batsmen.  Skipper AB de Villiers retains his number one ranking, and is now 96 points clear of India's Virat Kohli in second place, after scoring three 		
 have already made their decision – they will retain Chris Gayle (4.93; with 6.51 batting and -1.58 bowling), AB de Villiers (3.12) and Virat Kohli (1.95 with 2.22 batting and -0.27 bowling).  The one highly rated player they are not retaining is 		
 made to remodel his action after being reported for suspect action in 2014, had launched a scathing attack on [...]  AB de Villiers says he will not feel any pressure in his 100th Test as he bids to push South Africa to a series-levelling victory over 		
 in the current tournament, following their 408 for five against the West Indies in Sydney last week in which skipper AB de Villiers hammered 162 off 66 balls.  With victory almost assured, de Villiers used eight bowlers-including himself-ahead of 		
 , were shot out for 237 [...]  WELLINGTON: South Africa's bowlers backed up a solid batting performance led by captain AB de Villiers ' 99 to ensure they qualified for the knockout phase of the World Cup with a 146-run victory over United Arab Emirates at 		
 as it is a favourite of a large section of people here, is naturally found...  every time that one finds Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis collectively playing 600 balls, and scoring almost nothing.  The top-three spent 12-and-a-half 		
 TTB (Twin-Traction Beam) front end is such a awesome platform for go fast machines...  batting with the experienced AB de Villiers , captain Hashim Amla and Faf du Plesiss trying their best to tire out the Indian bowlers.  "It is very difficult skill to 		
 played cricket now...  So far Many Players made records in the ICC World Cup 2015.  Kohli, Chris Gayle, Brendon McCullum , Ab De Villiers , M.  Shami, Sauthee...  Pakistan's Explosive batsman Shahid Afridi had touched one more statistics in ODI history and 		
 innings - equals his best that espncricinfo.com  Full Cricket Scorecard: India vs South Africa 2015 4th Test at Delhi AB de Villiers (8/10): De Villiers was by a long margin, South Africa's best player throughout the his unbeaten century on debut 		
 One-Day International (ODI) between South Africa and New Zealand.  South Africa beat New Zealand by 20 runs at Durban.  AB de Villiers and his men now aim to ...  This raises the question: What unique benefits do South ... offers free drinks, fruit, and 		
 ,026 operates in fifty matches.  The remaining hander fell twenty runs limited of drawing level with South African AB de Villiers' feat of scoring a 50 percent century in 12 consecutive Exams, toms shoes sale .  Story 1st printed on: Saturday, thirteen 		
 , it is pretty common for cricketers to aggressively promote their charity work but South Africa's star batsman AB de Villiers is not one of them and he goes quietly about his job of improving the lot of the children in his country.  He is associated 		
 that remains largely unknown among cricket fans and hence it figures in this list about some of the unknown facts about AB de Villiers' life.  His favourite movie is the Russell Crowe epic Gladiator and considering the plot of the movie it is not at all 		
 or the other that helps them in getting away from the rigours of professional sport during some downtime, however for AB de Villiers it is different since he has takes his hobby of being a composer and guitarist quite seriously.  AB has appeared on local 		
 <s> All cricketers have their secret crushes and actresses whom they admire for their beauty and acting skill.  In case of AB de Villiers it is British actress Kate Beckinsale who has acted in such successful films like The Aviator and Total Recall.  It is not 		
 academics do not often work well but as is the case about almost every stereotype in the world, there are exceptions and AB de Villiers is certainly one of them as he not only excelled in sports but was also a top level student.  Former South African 		
 ?  Whether it is on television or during big write ups on sports magazines, de Villiers is always referred to as 'AB' or ' AB de Villiers ' and nowhere would you come across the full form of the abbreviation 'AB'.  So, it is safe to say that this is a rather 		
 Sport That He Has Tried  As everyone knows, South Africa is a nation that encourages sports and for someone as talented as AB de Villiers , it was not difficult at all to get noticed by the sports coaches at school.  Other than cricket, he was a champion 		
 he picked up golf and has already fine tuned his handicap to scratch.  If you ever want to see a complete sportsman then AB de Villiers is probably your answer.  Clean energy investments in hydroelectric, wind, solar, biomass, and natural gas, combined 		
 have a look for one over but hit his first six balls for 24," said Test captain Amla.  "He is an amazing player.  "  Reaction to AB de Villiers' century  "Have to say AB de Villiers is the definition of a cricketing genius.  Absolutely incredible.  "When I watch him 		
 six balls for 24," said Test captain Amla.  "He is an amazing player.  "  Reaction to AB de Villiers' century  "Have to say AB de Villiers is the definition of a cricketing genius.  Absolutely incredible.  "When I watch him bat it reminds me that I really was 		
 you still get some ex-players saying the game was better in the 1970s and 1980s.  "  Ex-England fast bowler Bob Willis:  " AB de Villiers' record ODI hundred off 31 balls could make him the best batsman of all time.  "I've been saying for the last 30 years that 		
 to work on their weaknesses.  And you can't write them off.  The only thing is that they need to change their batting order.  AB de Villiers should come at number four and Faf du Plessis at number five.  "  Talking about man-of-the-match Ravindra Jadeja, 		
 the pad and it popped up to Vijay at short-leg.  Kallis might have dawdled today but he was magnificent yesterday. 346/3  AB de Villiers c Badrinath b Sehwag 53 104 88 5 0 60.22 141.1 84.6 kph, went down the track, reached out for the delivery well outside off 		
 non-committal but did say that there are various fielders, who bring various attributes to the field.  "You can say AB de Villiers is a good fielder but I think (Ravindra) Jadeja is a wonderful and natural athlete.  In our team, each guy brings in 		
 <s> In these last two years, three batsmen have scored more ODI centuries than Kohli's four Tillakaratne Dilshan (seven), AB de Villiers (six) and Hashim Amla (five).  A short time later, Fox News reported an arrest, and the Boston Globe sent a  jordan 8 		
 , Stallion  ALEX Toys Rub a Dub Blow Bubbles in the Tub  Stop Thumb Sucking Thumbusters Green  South African cricketer AB de Villiers has hit the fastest century and half-century in one-day internationals (ODI).  He achieved the feat in second match as 		
 (ODI).  He achieved the feat in second match as part of the 5-match ODI series against West Indies.  Overall in this match, AB de Villiers made 149 off 44 balls.  Fastest century: He made the century in just 31 balls and broke earlier record of New Zealand's 		
 hit 12 boundaries.  South Africa started the run chase with promise but was dismissed for 179 in the 44th over.  Captain AB de Villiers top scored with 51.  Seamer Suranga Lakmal and spinner Ajantha Mendis took three wickets each.  South Africa 179 all out 		
 51.  Seamer Suranga Lakmal and spinner Ajantha Mendis took three wickets each.  South Africa 179 all out in 43.5 overs ( AB de Villiers 51; S Lakmal 3-24, A Mendis 3-36)  So I am using # icecat that comes with # librejs and my # gnusocial server # loadaverage 		
 demolished West Indies 4-1 in the recent five-match ODI series, which included the fastest ever century in a ODI by AB de Villiers in the 2 nd match at Johannesburg, South Africa will hope that this time around, they finally deliver at a big tournament 		
 Mount Kazbek.  " Read more...  Slawek Mroczek Contact in Poland  Since my favourite sport is Cricket so my sporting idol is AB De Villiers .  The reason why I admire this guy is because when he plays he is so calm.  If I could get time or spend a day with this guy I 		
 on Friday to reach the final four.  3 years ago - MOHALI: The 131-run fourth wicket partnership between Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers paved the way for an easy five-wicket win for Royal Challengers Bangalore against Kings XI Punjab in the 25th match of 		
 the India series knocking on the door, Bangladesh batsman Mominul Haque has set his sights on South African skipper AB de Villiers' record of 12 consecutive scores of 50 runs or above in Test matches.  The hosts trained at Fatullah's Khan Shaheb Osman 		
 <s> Hashim Amla has taken 108 innings to race to 20 ODI hundreds, Virat Kohli took 133.  South Africa skipper AB de Villiers took just 31 balls to break New Zealander Corey Anderson's record – ton off 36 balls.  In 1 Corinthians 12, Paul uses the 		
 the dismissal of Tharindu Kaushal, helped South Africa dismiss Sri Lanka for 133 at the Sydney Cricket Ground, with AB de Villiers' men then reaching 134-1 in just 18 overs to reach the last four.  "Pretty pleased with that performance, don't think I've 		
 at the Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA) Stadium.  Reeling at 55/3 at one stage Mandeep and South African AB de Villiers put on a 113-run partnership to help their side post 180/4 at the end of 20 overs.  AB de Villiers admitted his side was 		
 Mandeep and South African AB de Villiers put on a 113-run partnership to help their side post 180/4 at the end of 20 overs.  AB de Villiers admitted his side was looking at 140 on the board.  "The way Mandeep played was a Man-of-the-match performance.  The 		
 Samson.  Virat Kohli (32 off 25), who is the third highest run getter this season, failed to carry on with the start while AB de Villiers (21) perished in his attempt to push the score.  Moises Henriques (22) too kept the scoreboard ticking and it was pacer 		
 , with a well-travelled and experienced squad that boasts the Proteas' One Day International (ODI) Captain AB de Villiers , fast-bowler Morné Morkel and T20 specialists Henry Davids, Roelof van der Merwe and Farhaan Barhardien.  Despite all 		
 the African team.  Hashim Amla needs just 27 runs to complete his 6000 runs in ODIs.  He will be the 6 th South African do so.  AB de Villiers need 86 runs to become the 2 nd highest run-scorer for South Africa in ODIs.  If you sign-up for an account you will be able 		
 , more than the playing surface at the PCA stadium, hastened the side's capitulation on an eventful ... Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers had been accounted for by R ...  Good Workout Schedule To Get Stronger Read this article to learn the best exercises, 		
 ), introduced in the 10th over of the innings, then produced the big moment after cleaning up first -innings top-scorer AB de Villiers (16) on a flighted, pitched up delivery that stayed low and rushed on to the off stump.  This was the second time in the 		
 England in Cardiff where he made twin scores of 33 in Australia's 169-run defeat.  He is replaced in the No. 1 position by AB de Villiers , who is skipping South Africa's forthcoming Test series against Bangladesh for paternity leave, while Joe Root has 		
 Monday unveiled a slew of reforms, including the appointment of a retired judge as  Johannesburg: Proteas' ODI captain AB de Villiers has taken the top spot on a list of South African celebrities with the greatest number of Twitter  Mumbai: IPL chairman 		
 for South Africa's "unexpected" semi-final exit from the World Cup that they deserved to win.  Imageries of Ab de Villiers shedding...  The post CWC 2015: New Zealand vs South Africa 1st semi-final – Why the Kiwis were worthy winners appeared 		
 monthly updates  SA Wins the Series 3-2.  On being asked what was the reason he elected to bat after winning the toss, AB de Villiers said, "Biggest reason is it is a final, nice to have runs on the board and put pressure on the Indian team.  " The script 		
 visitors began the day on 28 for two as the overnight batsmen Dean Elgar (37) and Hashim Amla (43) combined for 76, while AB De Villiers made 63 before falling to Mishra.  From 85 for three, the Proteas eventually folded for 99 additional runs.  India's 		
 try to break the record of fastest century in the One Day Internationals that was recently broke by South Africa captain AB de Villiers .  When Shahid Afridi was 17 years old, he hit the fastest century in just 37 balls against  Just ahead of the World Cup 2015 		
 that India will gain lot of confidence by playing this series  Abraham Benjamin de Villiers or more profoundly known as AB de Villiers is the most dominant and destructive batsmen in the World Cricket yet with an impeccable consistency.  With this 		
 strong contender of this World Cup.  Given the team's performance in the recent matches and the form of its batsman, AB de Villiers , HashimAmla and Quinton De Kock and the likes of Dale Stern in the bowling department make South Africa one of the strong 		
 in Australia.  We just need to take as much confidence as we can moving forward," he added.  South Africa's key batsman AB de Villiers did not come for practice on Wednesday but Miller said it was not much of an issue.  "It is an optional practice today.  Some 		
 to be the best-ranked Indian batsmen at number eleven in the ICC batting rankings that were topped by South Africa's AB de Villiers .  Cheteshwar Pujara has gained five places following his contribution of 31 and 77 but he is two places behind Vijay in 		
 against spin in Chennai, the South African batsmen were in a demolition mood on a better batting surface.  Skipper AB de Villiers (119 runs of 61 balls) won the crucial toss and finished the innings with a flourish after Quinton de Kock 109 (87b) and 		
 .  It will be followed by three T20 Internationals (T20I), five One-Day Internationals (ODIs) and four Test matches.  " AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla are strong players and don't forget Dale Steyn and Morne Morkel.  When you talk about the googly, Imran 		
 value.  BI leaders should...  Before I start of this article one relevant question to all cricket enthusiasts.  Is Ab De Villiers from "Planet Earth"?  ICC would certainly need to redefine the cricket manual or there should be a...  –Written by Rugved 		
 in time, .....  At 5 relating to 3, Royal Challengers had their best pair in between to combat the crisis.  Rather than, AB de Villiers brandished on first ball, Attempting a half hearted back foot punch minus the width.  Kohli needed anyone to just last 		
 Premier League IPL 2014 Highlights.  Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Mumbai Indians Highlights – Parthiv Patel and AB de Villiers thwarted Mumbai's hopes with a dogged 99-run unbeaten partnership for the fourth wicket to carry their team to victory 		
 appeal for a LBW , but AB survives.  Three comes from the over.  Amla then sees out Jadeja's over.  Next over Ashwin gets AB de Villiers , the ball pitches on off, moves a hint away from the batsman who does not pick it and is struck  A top BCCI official says 		
 time; give him the shaded garments and he can crush the ball to all parts of the ground.  Like his companion and classmate AB de Villiers , du Plessis can adjust to any arrangement with effortlessness and stamp his power.  A graduate from the well known 		
 for long.  He is the crucial anchor point for RCB team.  The front order list of captain Virat Kohli, Ravi Rampaul and AB de Villiers are perfect starters.  But still the weak middle order is a concern for the team.  In bowling RP Singh and Jaidev Unadkat 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 over cover left Ireland reeling.  Kevin O'Brien finally got du Plessis with a yorker that he played all over, but with AB de Villiers starting with a cover-driven four and a swept six off Dockrell, it was clear that there would be no respite.  South Africa 		
 on top of his game lately, Axar Patel will have to fight for his spot in the starting 11.  With the lights of Hashim Amla, AB De Villiers and Faf Du Plessis, the South African team comprises of a good mixture of experienced individuals and young talent. </s> 		
 .  After posting a formidable 180 for four, RCB packed up Royals for just 109 runs.  In big-hitting Chris Gayle, Kohli, AB de Villiers , Mandeep Singh, Dinesh Karthik among others, RCB have a strong batting line-up.  In fact, De Villiers (512 runs) and 		
 adding just 10 runs in the team's total when Shukla hit the stumps before he could have managed to take a comfortable run.  AB de Villiers was destructive this time too as similar to the earlier matches.  Along with a six and 4 boundaries, the right-handed 		
 house where you have lived as a child?  Has anything changed since you moved there away?  102 anfragen in 0,525 sekunden  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa AB de Villiers' 2.68m 		
 changed since you moved there away?  102 anfragen in 0,525 sekunden  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa AB de Villiers' 2.68m followers narrowly beat those of renowned South 		
 sekunden  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa AB de Villiers ' 2.68m followers narrowly beat those of renowned South African comedian Trevor Noah.  Cape Town – Listening to... </s> 		
 so I know who to thank.  Available at GCIS provincial offices, GCIS district offices & Thusong centres in your area!  AB de Villiers makes a clean sweep at cricket awards  De Villiers' record-breaking performance in the 2014 cricketing year saw him 		
 a part of his amazing skills.  "  Currently, De Villiers holds the records for the fastest 50, 100 and 150 in the world.  " AB de Villiers has modestly taken limited overs batting to a new level and he has done it with style and panache that is simply beyond the 		
 heroes, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu in his red robe and glasses, Madiba in his jazzy African-inspired apparel, AB de Villiers in his cricket finery and Trevor Noah with his elf-ears and sharp red suit.  The other reason is because it's a passion 		
 .  Most of the international players which was sponsors by kookaburra brand like Ricky Ponting, Mike Hussey, Ian Bell, AB De Villiers , Martin Guptill, Steven Davies, Brad Hodge, Brad Haddin, Jamie Dalrymple.  Over a centaury ago, one of the biggest and 		
 opening batsman Hashim Amla, who has recently been named as the skipper of the test side, scored two hundreds, while, AB De Villiers , arguably the best batsman in the world, scored a hundred as well as a fifty.  The young guys like Quinton De Kock played 		
 Gwalior, however, missing two other main categories Sehwag picked up the check player of the year while South Africa's AB de Villiers was regarded 1-day player of the year.  Throughout the twelve-month voting time period of August, 2009 to August 2010, 		
 out in two other major classes as Sehwag picked up the Examination player of the year award, while South Africa's AB de Villiers was adjudged the 1-day player of the 12 months.  New Zealand drummer Brendon McCullum 116 not out from 56 balls from 		
 in hearty celebrations and also thanked the spectators who gave them a standing ovation.  The Proteas, courtesy AB de Villiers ' 43 off 297 balls, looked like pulling off an improbable draw from the jaws of defeat before the Indian bowling came to 		
 'll ever have to buy.  Pune: Notwithstanding the comprehensive win against Rajasthan Royals in their IPL Eliminator, AB de Villiers says Royal Challengers Bangalore will be wary of Chennai Super Kings in tomorrow's qualifier 2 as they are a tough team 		
 While England continued preparations for their second Tri-Series match, against India on Tuesday, South Africa's AB de Villiers fired a record-breaking World Cup warning in Johannesburg. <a href=http://mks.onlinestore.us.com/>Michael Kors 		
 <s> However, Vijay Mallya's men, despite Gayle's heroics, made a mess of the chase, losing six wickets.  But the presence of AB de Villiers (13 not out) provided the much needed sobering effect as RCB reached the target without further ado.  Luke was the second 		
 strong, but once India introduced the spinners, South Africa took a knock and could not raise itself up again.  Although AB de Villiers reached his 22nd One Day International century during the fourth of the five matches, it was not enough to bring the team 		
 just be about the two sides facing off.  It will also feature two different styles of batsmanship of Kumar Sangakkara and AB de Villiers being pitted against each other.  On Friday1st June, the children in First to Sixth Class embark on their school tour.  We 		
 gas emissions.  It has been a thrilling match that happened yesterday.  Crestfallen South African team Captain, AB de Villiers openly admitted that New Zealand has been a better team over them with consistent performance and zero wins through out 		
 any difficulties is the protean team.  Filled with the likes of David Miller, Hashim Amla, Morne Morkel and lastly, AB de Villiers .  This guy showed he meant business when he scored world's fastest century in just 31 balls against West Indies last 		
 <s> Happy is a small word.  It's never granted that you will for sure reach Quarters in World Cup.  It can happen anyway.  ", said AB de Villiers .  " We have got a lot of people at home who are expecting a lot from us.  And this is the place to start from.  We are very excited 		
 Ground, Amstelveen.  South Africa won the match by 83 runs.  Seeing the flat pitch and small ground, the Proteas skipper AB de Villiers decided to bat first after winning the toss.  At the start, de Villiers' decision didn't seem to be a smart one as South 		
 ]  1.  Who scored the fastest 8000 runs in ODIs and broke the record of Sourav Ganguly? a) Virat Kohli b) Berndon McCullum c) AB De Villiers d) Steven Smith Answer : AB De Villiers.  South African Batsman AB de Villiers has created a record by scoring the fastest 		
 ODIs and broke the record of Sourav Ganguly? a) Virat Kohli b) Berndon McCullum c) AB De Villiers d) Steven Smith Answer : AB De Villiers .  South African Batsman AB de Villiers has created a record by scoring the fastest 8000 ODI runs during the third ODI [... 		
 ? a) Virat Kohli b) Berndon McCullum c) AB De Villiers d) Steven Smith Answer : AB De Villiers.  South African Batsman AB de Villiers has created a record by scoring the fastest 8000 ODI runs during the third ODI [...]  Maharashtra Chief Minister 		
 last-ball finish that kept the packed stadium at the edge of the seats till the last ball.  Saurabh Tiwary (36 not out) and AB de Villiers (33 not out) played crucial knocks as Royal Challengers tasted their second win in five outings.  The win helped Royal 		
 for completing the job.  However, the Proteas are a very exciting team when it comes to the shortest format.  Players like AB de Villiers , JP Duminy, Faf du Plessis are popular names in the T20 leagues across the world and all eyes will be on them.  This is South 		
 score of 215 off 147 balls against Zimbabwe in Canberra, demolishing the bowling attack like only he or South Africa's AB de Villiers can do.  Dhoni conceded it was tough to have a bowling plan or set fields for batsmen like Gayle and De Villiers.  "If the 		
 defeat, notching 277 in reply.  South Africa were in early trouble at 4-83, including the loss of inspirational captain AB de Villiers for 25, but then David Miller and JP Duminy said enough of this rubbish and powered the South Africans home with 138 off 		
 players like Faf du Plessis and Dean Elgar acknowledging the in-form spinner's threat.  South Africa batsman AB de Villiers .  (AP)  Team Director Ravi Shastri though has asserted that even Amit Mishra and Jadeja, who has been in stellar form in 		
 be a tad worried about the form of Hashim Amla, who takes over as captain for the Test format.  In contrast, ODI captain AB de Villiers , termed Superman by former Indian captain Sunil Gavaskar, seems to be in the form his life and his wicket will certainly 		
 4000 in T20 cricket during the course of his knock against KKR.  What differentiated Watson's innings from the likes of AB de Villiers was clinical strokeplay rather than the adventurous scoops and reverse strokes.  "I performed very well.  Battingwise 		
 , but the memory of one scene is still vivid.  BINWEEVILS FREE 200 DOSH CODES!! – Bengaluru: Asserting the fact that AB de Villiers' 100th Test will not take the focus away from the second Test, South Africa captain Hashim Amla today said the star 		
 has not sent utilisation certificate for funds released to it nor requested for a second installment, says Naidu.  22.  AB de Villiers broke Sourav Ganguly's record of fastest 8000 ODI runs  South African skipper AB de Villiers on 26 August 2015 became the 		
 , says Naidu.  22.  AB de Villiers broke Sourav Ganguly's record of fastest 8000 ODI runs  South African skipper AB de Villiers on 26 August 2015 became the fastest batsman to reach 8000 One Day International (ODI) runs.  He achieved the fete during 		
 tomorrow.  AUCKLAND: Pakistan paceman Sohail Khan said Monday that taking the wicket of South African master blaster AB de Villiers would inspire him to greater heights at the World Cup.  Sohail, who turned 31 on Friday, celebrated his birthday in style 		
 final Test at Perth, saw the South Africans win by 309 runs and the series 1-0.  South Africa 225 and 569 ( Hashim Amla 196, AB de Villiers 169).  Australia 163 and 322 all out.  West Indies won their first encounter with Bangladesh by 77 runs and the second and 		
 Ashwin had already produced a beauty to bowl Hashim Amla before returning to remove the dangerous pair of Du Plessis and AB de Villiers .  Amla's closed face was beaten by a ball that pitched outside leg stump and hit off, while De Villiers holed out to deep 		
 months.  "  Smith captained South Africa in 149 one-day internationals before relinquishing the one-day captaincy to AB de Villiers two years ago.  In a statement, Cricket South Africa quoted Smith as saying: "It's a big blow for me personally to be 		
 perfect the lure, it will be a great benefit.  " [ View the project report.]  BENGALURU: South African batting mainstay AB de Villiers feels way too much has been made out ... De Villiers also backed their new opening duo of Dean Elgar and Stiaan van Zyl and 		
 5/21 Gives Hosts Magnificent 108-Run Victory – Join us in a couple of days for the second Test in Bangalore in what will be AB de Villiers' 100th Test ... At the start of the morning, India had used the heavy roller to flatten the pitch out even further. 09:43 		
 , Royal Challengers Bangalore had broken bank last year, bidding Rs 14 crore for the proven match-winner.  Although AB de Villiers emerged as their leading run-scorer in the tournament, Yuvi played his part, managing 376 runs in 14 games at an average 		
 to post 358/4 in 50 overs.  Quinton de Kock scored his second ODI hundred.  He made 135 off 121 balls.  Hashim Amla (65), AB de Villiers (77 off 47) and JP Duminy (59* off 29 balls) were the top scorers.  For India, Mohammed Shami took three wickets.  Chasing a 		
 showing in the recent one-day series and I'm looking forward to seeing what the Essex man can do in the Test arena again.  AB de Villiers has kept wicket with style in the shorter forms of the game.  while his fellow veterans Todd Lodwick and Johnny Spillane 		
 to 127/5 at lunch in their first innings on the second day of the first Test in reply to India's score of 201 here on Friday.  AB de Villiers (26) and Vernon Philander were at the crease when lunch was called.  The visiting team resumed play at 28/2 on Friday. </s> 		
 its mismanagement under charges of a conspiracy against the government.  Johannesburg: Swashbuckling South African AB de Villiers struck the fastest century in one-day international cricket on Sunday, taking 31 balls to pass the milestone against 		
 haunt him Monday when New Zealand selectors left him out of a preliminary 30-man World Cup squad.  South Africa captain AB de Villiers anchored his side to a six-wicket victory over New Zealand, whose bowling and fielding was far superior to a poor 		
 ), introduced in the 10th over of the innings, then produced the big moment after cleaning up first-innings top-scorer AB de Villiers (16) on a flighted, pitched up delivery that stayed low and rushed on to the off stump.  This was the second time in the 		
 them come true.  The 11 year-old was ecstatic to spend an afternoon with some of his favourite players; Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn, talking about life and cricket.  The afternoon was capped off with a game of street cricket where they 		
 bowl in the corridor (of uncertainty), swinging it away.  "  Thakur, however, admitted that South Africa's ODI skipper AB de Villiers was totally unfazed.  "He batted very well and did not give us any chance.  "  De Villiers made a superb 112 to rescue the 		
 Monday unveiled a slew of reforms, including the appointment of a retired judge as  Johannesburg: Proteas' ODI captain AB de Villiers has taken the top spot on a list of South African celebrities with the greatest number of Twitter  Mumbai: IPL chairman 		
 other nominees Australia's Michael Clarke, England's Alastair Cook, team-mate Virat Kohli and South Africa's AB de Villiers .  Dhoni said: "This is one of the awards that has given me tremendous satisfaction, since it comes from the key 		
 player  1981 - Paris Hilton , American actress and heiress  1982 - Brian Bruney , American baseball player  1984 - AB de Villiers , South African cricketer  1996 - Sasha Pieterse , South African child actress  197 - Clodius Albinus , Roman usurper ( 		
 one for du Plessis to end the over.  Vettori's overs are taking a very familiar pattern at the moment.  So here he is, AB de Villiers .  The star of South African cricket and the man with all the pressure on his shoulders.  Can the skipper stand up?  Another 		
 the world needs to hear?  Get commenting, the best will make the blog!  As a few clouds begin to lurk around Eden Park, AB De Villiers and Brendon McCullum converge on the middle for the crucial toss.  AB calls heads. . . And it's a head!  South Africa wins 		
 , will have the Proteas confident of breaking their World Cup hoodoo.  With the bowling attack they have, and with AB De Villiers leading the batting lineup, they will be unbeatable if they put it all together at once.  But can they stand up when it 		
 a regular place in the side.  He has yet to hit his top form in 2015 but as a player who has been likened to South Africa star AB de Villiers he will be someone Gloucestershire will have to look out for.  The current third highest wicket taker in Division 2 ( 		
 month long series to begin on October 2 with the first Twenty20 against India at Dharamsala.  Big Proteas names like AB de Villiers (ODI captain), Hashim Amla (Test skipper), Faf du Plessis (T20 captain) touched Delhi from Johannesburg...  Read More </s> 		
 and Control of Diabetics, Cardio-Vascular Diseases & Strokes and Cancer," he added.  Chasing a target of 164, Gayle and AB de Villiers (52) added 131 runs for the fifth wicket as Royal Challengers Bangalore cruised to 166 with three balls to spare.  Gayle 		
 Breakthrough Performance 2008: B McCullum (KKR); Best Breakthrough Performance 2009: A Kumble (RCB); Best Fielder: AB de Villiers (DD); Best Ground: M Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru; Best Stadium Experience: DY Patil Stadium, Navi Mumbai 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 and low rolling resistance.  September 29, 2015 Comments Off on India A XI vs South Africa, T20 Warm-up Live Score: AB de Villiers , Faf du Plessis Punish Hosts  South Africa begin their marathon 72-day tour of India with a T20 warm-up game against 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 over the three major issues which are-property, immigration and territory.  Anderson received a let-off when captain AB de Villiers made a total mess of a run-out opportunity, knocking the bails off without securing the ball in his hand with the batsman 		
 are setting the stage on fire in the current edition of the Indian Premier League.  Whether you talk about Faf Du Plessis, AB De Villiers or the big, mighty Morne Morkel, each one of them is being sensational so far.  Hunting down more than 200 against Mumbai 		
 <s> South Africa are the great underachievers of the World Cup, having never won in the knockout stage but skipper AB De Villiers ( pictured) believes his side has the players and experience to avoid another choke.  Your browser does not support the 		
 will start their campaign in the World Cup, right from the group stage they will face many batsmen like Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers , Shikhar Dhawan, MS Dhonidangerous, Hashim Amla, Quinton De Kock etc and bowlers like Dale Steyn, Morne Morkel, Sunil 		
 but their performances are yet to come.  Young and talented skipper of RCB Virat Kohli has got players like Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers and Yuvraj Singh in his team who are enough to boost the confidence of any cricket team.  Besides these four world-class 		
 Cricket World Cup quarter-final against South Africa in Sydney: win the toss and do not get too hung up thinking about AB de Villiers .  The toss, I believe, will play a vital part in the outcome of the match.  The side batting first in One-Day 		
 option sales tax, would require ... learn more on Bangor day-to-day news  The captain of the South African ODI team, AB de Villiers , has said that his side is in a tough group in the ICC Champions Trophy and making it to the final 4 is not easy for them. </s> 		
 to suffer as can be discerned by their form in the ongoing ICC T20 World Cup.  All round performances from Jacques Kallis, AB De Villiers followed up with spinners the likes of Wayne Parnell makes for an interesting face off.  Don forget to watch South Africa 		
 , which they would have probably thought they would win when the final day's play began on Sunday.  Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers once again set a perfect platform for South Africa, stringing 205 for the fifth wicket, but they both got out at crucial 		
 draw.  Du Plessis' gritty century goes in vain as 1st Test between SA and India ends in a draw.  Faf du Plessis made 134 while AB de Villiers scored 103 but South Africa still found themselves eight runs short of India's 458.  Earlier in the day, Alviro Petersen 		
 certainly RCB and unlike KXIP they came up with no surprises by retaining only three of their current players.  They are AB De Villiers from South Africa, Chris Gayle which has always remained their main force and India's current vice captain, Virat 		
 the third Test from next Wednesday (25), while Delhi is scheduled to stage the final Test from December 3.  South African AB de Villiers' 100th Test fizzled out into a tame draw with cyclonic rains and a wet outfield wiping out a fourth successive day in the 		
 number one ODI batting ranking  Kohli had entered the Asia Cup, trailing number one ranked South African batsman AB de Villiers by two ratings points.  Kohli's tournament aggregate of 189 runs in three innings with 136 against Bangladesh as his 		
 match against England at Port Elizabeth ground (foot 1889).  Head of South Africa's Graeme Smith in the group test and AB De Villiers in the ODI and Faf du Plessis in T20.  Mentor Russell Domingo.  Cricket West Indies team is a national cricket team West 		
 to best player under the age of 24.  The recipient is presented with a bat personally signed by Sir Donald Bradman.  AB de Villiers (South Africa) set-up a new record with the fastest century in ODIs, off just 31 balls.  He beat the previous quickest 		
 Ashwin, Ishant Sharma, Varun Aaron South Africa: Dean Elgar, Stiaan van Zyl, Faf du Plessis, Hashim Amla (capt), AB de Villiers , Jean-Paul Duminy, Dane Vilas, Kyle Abbott, Kagiso Ra  PERTH, Nov 14 (Reuters) - Factbox on Australian opener David 		
 stand of 101 with Amla after Malinga had bowled Quinton de Kock in the third over.  Dilshan removed Amla lbw and had AB de Villiers caught behind by Sangakkara in the space of eight runs to make it 126 for 3 in the 25th over.  Dialog Cup: 4th ODI – Sri Lanka v 		
 Dale Steyn Vernon Philander and Morne Morkel are all ranked among the top ten bowlers in the world while Hashim Amla AB de Villiers and Jacques Kallis are among the top ten batsmen.  Jacques Kallis is also clinging on to the number one all rounder 		
 against Royal Challengers for Kings XI, has a long road ahead of him.  His innings here have showed that he can be the next AB de Villiers in South African cricket.  But Miller owes his success to former South African all-rounder Lance Klusener, nicknamed 		
 , he said: "Not at the moment because he has played so well.  "Even during ...  De Villiers wrecks Pakistan for 4-1 win – AB de Villiers hits a boundary on his way to scoring a century.  Photo: AP SHARJAH: AB de Villiers stormed to an unbeaten century to help 		
 Villiers wrecks Pakistan for 4-1 win – AB de Villiers hits a boundary on his way to scoring a century.  Photo: AP SHARJAH: AB de Villiers stormed to an unbeaten century to help South Africa beat Pakistan convincingly by 117 runs in the fifth and final 		
 Lankan batsman Tillekaratne Dilshan top scored with a 52-ball 71 with ten fours and a six while South African batsman AB de Villiers steered Bangalore to win with an unbeaten 47 with four sixes and two boundaries.  Leg-spinner Amit Mishra claimed two 		
 likely as the Proteas face the United Arab Emirates in their final Cricket World Cup pool match.  South Africa captain AB de Villiers has hinted changes are likely for his side's final Cricket World Cup group game against the United Arab Emirates, which 		
 batting stocks are as equally destructive.  Much of the pre-match attention has centered around the irrepressible AB de Villiers after he plundered 162 off 66 deliveries during South Africa's 262-run demolition of West Indies on Friday.  It's only 		
 at a phenomenal average of 100, with a top score of 96 in the first game against Montana.  Could Leus du Plooy be the next AB de Villiers , Jacques Rudolph or Faf du Plessis to come out of Affies?  Affies v Pretoria Boys High School – 25 August  Result: Affies 		
 off the greatest one-day run chase of all time, scoring 435, the highest-ever score in one-day International cricket.  AB de Villiers already knows he has the beating of the England bowlers and there is a second Morkel, Albie, to support the genuinely 		
 themselves, and have the results ...Read more >>  HAMILTON (Reuters) – A meticulous planner, the South African captain AB de Villiers has prepared himself for everything at the World Cup.  Like every South African, de Villiers needs no reminding that the 		
 also decided to retain the flamboyant Indian Batsmen Virat Kohli, WI explosive Batsman Chris Gayle and South African AB de Villiers .  RCB has decided to appoint New Zealand Spinner Daniel Vettori as head coach, Trent Woodhill has been hired as the 		
 be more popular than Tendulkar': Former South Africa pacer Fanie de Villiers – But in the ongoing series against India, AB de Villiers has shown he can have the same effect on the crowds when he is turning up in South African green against India's men ... 		
 same effect on the crowds when he is turning up in South African green against India's men ... Fanie de Villiers thinks AB de Villiers can ...  Anatomic museums were widely developed throughout the 19th century, as an aid to the studies of medicine.  While 		
 shot when backtracking towards the boundary rope, whereas Mohit and Yadav were heavily involved in the run-outs of AB de Villiers and David Miller.  The confidence will be high, but India will truly be tested when they face one, if not both, of the 		
 ball to secure New Zealand's first World Cup final and again consign South Africa to defeat when it matters most – AB de Villiers and Quinton de Kock both missing crucial run-out chances, while Elliott was dropped twice.  "Hopefully, all our 		
 McCullum - 59 (26) - provide fireworks.  - Grant Elliott (84) dropped twice as he leads NZ to victory in Auckland after AB de Villiers and Quinton de Kock miss vital run-out chances.  - Quarter-final win over Sri Lanka remains South Africa's only 		
 Test rankings table, unlike the ODI and T20I rankings tables, is updated after the conclusion of a series.  Meanwhile, AB de Villiers will go into the series as the highest-ranked batsman from either side, in second place, on the Reliance ICC Player 		
 came a cropper, barring the four overs of Ravichandran Ashwin.  Chasing a target of 200-odd runs, Hashim Amla (36) and AB de Villiers (51) laid the solid foundation before JP Duminy (68) and Farhaan Behardien (32) in an unbroken partnership of 105 saw 		
 Friday in response to Australia's imposing  Mohali: Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin's five-wicket haul trumped AB de Villiers' gritty half-century as India grabbed a narrow 17-run lead after dismissing  Once we receive an authorization form and 		
 be a tad worried about the form of Hashim Amla, who takes over as captain for the Test format.  In contrast, ODI captain AB de Villiers , termed Superman by former Indian captain Sunil Gavaskar, seems to be in the form his life and his wicket will certainly 		
 and so on however to straightforward to play.  3.  Tyre manufacturing giant MRF Limited named South African batsman AB de Villiers as its brand ambassador.  The association is for a period of three years.  4.  Russia and United States inked an agreement 		
 with a 29-run defeat to Pakistan in Auckland yesterday, failing to chase down the 232 required despite another valiant AB de Villiers effort.  The Proteas scored more than 400 runs in each of their matches against the West Indies and Ireland, the latte... </s> 		
 certainly confirms the International Cricket Council rankings.  South Africa pace bowler Dale Steyn says watching AB de Villiers develop over the years has been like watching the character Neo in the movie The Matrix.  De Villiers'...  READ MORE  So 		
 all-rounder Steven Crook signs a new three-year deal with the County Championship Division Two club.  AB de Villiers will keep wicket for South Africa in the first two Tests of the home series against England starting this month.  Former 		
 Suresh Raina to post a daunting 299 total, after both openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar [...]  South African cricketer AB de Villiers and his wife Daniella became proud parents of their first child on Wednesday.  The couple was blessed with a baby boy. </s> 		
 with a baby boy.  Cricket South Africa was the first to congratulate their star player and they tweeted a picture of AB de Villiers and his wife with their son.  AB and [...]  On My Wishlist is a weekly meme hosted at Cosy Books . Book Chick City started the 		
 .  The rains began just before RCB took the field.  After several inspections, the umpires decided to call of the match.  AB de Villiers run out (Hooda/Samson) 57  KD Karthik run out (Southee/Samson) 27  HV Patel run out (Rahane/Samson) 6  Did not bat: MA 		
 Virat Kohli, who opened with Gayle, remained unbeaten on 62, made off 46 balls with the help of one four and three sixes.  AB de Villiers made 47 not out off 34 balls with six fours.  Their unbroken partnership for the second wicket was worth 98 runs. </s> 		
 at 154 for eight from their quota of overs.  Openers Manvinder Bisla (17) and Rilee Rossouw (14), Dinesh Karthik (10), AB de Villiers (14), Sarfaraz Khan (11) and David Wiese (22) managed to reach double digits, but none of them could stay long enough to 		
 210 for a win, the RCB top order failed to get going and there were soon struggling at 62 for three in the 11th over before AB de Villiers came up with a hurricane 41 off just 11 balls with the help of five fours and three sixes.  In the company of Dinesh Karthik ( 		
 overs, while fellow opening bowler Josh Hazlewood claimed three for 51.  Hashim Amla hit 102 off 115 balls and skipper AB de Villiers cracked a belligerent 52 off 34 balls to briefly threaten Australia's bowlers.  Smith was named man-of-the-match for 		
 quite convincingly.  South Africa, like a few other teams, is in rebuilding phase.  However, with players like AB de Villiers , Dale Steyn and Far du Plessis, they have a well-balanced side.  They do not a have a specialist spinner, but all round 		
 not look strong contenders for the trophy, but they can certainly turn the tables.  Players to Watch out for: Dale Steen, AB de Villiers , David Miller.  Sri Lanka: Of all the teams that are playing in the competition, Sri Lanka has the best record in T20 games 		
 03 March 2015 02:37:26 The Irish Post  Ireland's bowlers will aim to counter the threat of South Africa batsman AB de Villiers in their third Pool B match on Tuesday at the Manuka Oval in Canberra.  The post Cricket World Cup 2015: Ireland face South 		
 as South Africa was anticipating.  Tragically nobody was proficient to make a decent association in batting with AB de Villiers to make a decent organization so because of this reason an early wicket to lose was confronted by the South Africa.  India 		
 , this year has changed all that.  Now one of the most prolific run getters in international cricket alongside Joe Root, AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli, his consistency will determine Australia's success in Test matches whilst the likes of Nevill and the 		
 editions at the mega event in 1992, 1999 and 2011.  Whether it is Peter Kirsten in 92, Jacques Kallis in 99 or Kallis and AB de Villiers in 2011, India have always found a Protea batsman, who had turned out to be a thorn in the flesh for them.  In all three 		
 needs five runs and a wicket to complete 2000 runs and 100 wickets in Bangladesh Mominul Haque stands a chance to equal AB de Villiers' record of having scored the most number of fifties in consecutive Tests (12).  We have learnt in the past few Test matches 		
 .  I am nowhere near him, you know he is the king of all forms of cricket".  An embarrassed Mominul Haque on comparisons with AB de Villiers .  Matthew Welsh share plate during the Groundhog Day Party at the Indianapolis Press Club in 1963.  (Photo: William 		
 of physical, spiritual and mental well-being.  The exhibit runs through Oct. 1.  South African skipper Hashim Amla says AB de Villiers' 100th Test will not distract the focus of the team and the visitors will be keen on winning the Bangalore Test.  The 		
 Canadas Wonderland Leviathan Test Run POV HD YouTube.  Download 1920 x 1080 jpeg 201kB .  Michael Hussey lauds AB de Villiers for completing 100 Tests  Hussey said that De Villiers is an extremely talented player and would always remain at the top 		
 careers to the next level.  The following cricketers played representative cricket during De Bruyn's time at Tuks:  AB de Villiers , FAF du Plessis, Morne Morkel and Albie Morkel, who played for the Proteas;  Sune Luus and Mignon du Preez, who played for 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 took 5 for 23 to dismiss hosts for a paltry 76 runs in just 20 overs before lunch on the opening day.  If it wasn't enough, AB de Villiers (217) and Jacques Kallis (132) made sure India had no hopes of making a comeback as South Africa posted 474 runs.  South 		
 heroes, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu in his red robe and glasses, Madiba in his jazzy African-inspired apparel, AB de Villiers in his cricket finery and Trevor Noah with his elf-ears and sharp red suit.  The other reason is because it's a passion 		
 by Gayle's belligerent century, his first wicket partnership of 119 with skipper Virat Kohli (32) and an unbeaten 47 by AB de Villiers , posted an imposing 226 for three wickets from their 20 overs.  Gayle hit as many as 12 sixes and seven fours in his 117, 		
 , who scored fastest century-in just 31 balls-in one day international test match is– (A) South African batsman AB de Villiers (B) Pakistani batsman Shahid Afridi (C) West Indian batsman Corey Anderson (D) Indian Batsman Yuva Raj Singh ( Ans : A) </s> 		
 0 for 12.  All three wickets fell to spin, which was always going to be India's success mode on day five.  But the wicket of AB de Villiers eluded India for two sessions, leaving South Africa with one to play out to avert defeat and clinch what looked, 		
 of the coin, South Africa will vault to 130 points and India will plummet to 96 points if the visitors win all four Tests.  AB de Villiers (third), and Hashim Amla (fourth), who are separated by just nine points, with team-mate Faf du Plessis sitting in 16th 		
 <s> Welcome Robbie, though we agree with your views but this list is based on current performance of the mentioned batsmen.  AB de villiers is the only genuine pinch hitter that i know.  Slap-dash science filtered through cronyism and sensationalism -- if 		
 <s> It will be indeed a litmus Test for the young Indian Test captain Virat Kohli.  South Africa is led by Hashim Amla in Tests, AB De Villiers in ODIs and Faf du Plessis in the T20s.  Ahead of this mammoth series, we give you look at The Hindu's coverage of the 		
 between VVS Laxman and MS Dhoni at Kolkata in February 2010 for the seventh wicket  256 between Jacques Kallis and AB de Villiers at Ahmedabad in April 2008 for the fifth wicket.  Allan Donald : 55-15-139-12 at Port Elizabeth, December 1992.  Dale 		
 , 42x4, 5x6), Chennai, March 2008.  253 not out by Hashim Amla (473b, 22x4, 0x6), Nagpur, February 2008.  217 not out by AB de Villiers (333b, 17x4, 2x6), Ahmedabad, April 2008.  169 by Sachin Tendulkar (254b, 26x4), Cape Town, January 1997.  1415 runs in 		
 Petersen (76) and Jacques Kallis (34) had put India on top, a 205-run fifth wicket stand between Du Plessis (134) and AB de Villiers (103) laid the platform for what would have been an extraordinary win.  The partnership was ended when De Villiers 		
 Africa resumed day five on 72-2 and folded for 143 soon after the tea break after some dour display by their top order.  AB de Villiers (43) top-scored for the visitors, while Ravichandran Ashwin (5-61) was the pick of the Indian bowlers in the second 		
 cricket but says he will continue to play the domestic Twenty20 form of the game.  'He is a very good bowler' says AB de Villiers of India's spin specialist Ravichandran Ashwin, 'but I don't think I got out to him in either of the two games.  I got 		
 (49) that has turned this game right in South Africa's favour.  The early work was done by Faf du Plessis (82), before AB de Villiers (65 not out) started to tee off before the rain hit.  Miller's 23-ball cameo was electrifying, and New Zealand's bowlers 		
 the over and bring up South Africa's 200.  IN THE AIR!  But somehow it falls in the middle of three fielders!  It just might be AB de Villiers' day!  Du Plessis clips a full toss away for a single.  A better over for New Zealand.  It was a third consecutive boundary for 		
 were relieved to see a dot from the final ball.  Possibly a telling over in this tournament.  You cannot afford to drop AB de Villiers .  He proceeded to take 20 from the next three balls and power his way to yet another electric half-century.  If he stays in 		
 .  It's devastatingly enjoyable, even if not particularly approachable.  n.b. – the Vincent Sammy art is delectable.  As AB de Villiers was batting in the middle, Ravichandran Ashwin was seen undergoing a short stint of training on the sidelines.  Ashwin 		
 .  Her sun sign is Aries.  Australia need 592 runs to win the decisive third Test against South Africa after Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers scored centuries in Perth.  Amla hit 196 and De Villiers...  Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has returned to a hero's 		
 300 for eight from their 50 overs.  In reply, South Africa threatened a record run chase at the venue when their skipper, AB de Villiers (80) and David Miller (65) put on 126 for the fifth wicket, but ultimately fell 32 runs short and were dismissed for 268. </s> 		
 South Africa's chase of India's total of 307-7 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground – not with the ball but from the outfield.  AB de Villiers , scorer of the fastest ODI century, decided to take on Mohit Sharma's arm for a second run but a flat and accurate throw to 		
 in Adelaide.  He faced 376 balls for his 110 not out as Australia took four of the six wickets needed for a 1-0 series lead.  AB de Villiers ate up 220 deliveries for his 33, while Jacques Kallis made 46 despite a hamstring injury.  Peter Siddle kept Australia 		
 .  On Day 1, India spinners Ravindra Jadeja and R Ashwin took four wickets each to destroy South Africa's batting.  Only Ab de Villiers , playing his 100th Test managed a fifty (85).  Catch the live cricket score and live cricket updates of the India vs South 		
 to savings.  Do you remember when you gave or received your first savings bond?  Let us know on our Facebook page .  Captain AB de Villiers scores the fastest 150 in one-day international history as South Africa beat West Indies by 257 runs in Sydney.  The 		
 and all donations help towards that as well.  If you have any ideas about that – again contact us .  South African cricketer AB de Villiers celebrates his century during a practice match against Board President's XI in Mumbai on Saturday.  (Source: AP) </s> 		
 between South African batsmen against Indian spin by scything through the top order all by himself, had a long chat with AB de Villiers , who resuscitated South Africa with a calm hundred.  It was the drinks break after he had just carved up the batting 		
 , he was a victim of his cricket board's politics.  It was a credit to him that he didn't wilt and didn't lose his grace.  AB de Villiers handed him the worst pounding suffered by a bowler in a short spell, but he didn't shy away from the responsibility of 		
 to work on their weaknesses.  And you can't write them off.  The only thing is that they need to change their batting order.  AB de Villiers should come at number four and Faf du Plessis at number five.  "  Talking about man-of-the-match Ravindra Jadeja, 		
 Hyde, Rebecca Gallagher  LSA Technology and Performing Arts College Worsley Road Lytham St Annes Lancashire FY8 4DG  AB De Villiers Century As South Africa, Indian XI draw AB De Villiers ton revives South Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer 		
 Arts College Worsley Road Lytham St Annes Lancashire FY8 4DG  AB De Villiers Century As South Africa, Indian XI draw AB De Villiers ton revives South Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer Shardul Thakur pushed South Africa to the backfoot 		
 Africa after Thakur burst Mumbai: Mumbai pacer Shardul Thakur pushed South Africa to the backfoot before the classy AB de Villiers rallied the tourists...  Continue Reading →  Dale Steyn is a 'different ballgame': KL Rahul Dale Steyn different 		
 the 2018 men's hockey World Cup, the second time in a span of eight years the country...  ELLINGTON: South Africa skipper AB de Villiers on Thursday broke yet another record as he bludgeoned his way to the highest number of sixes,...  WELLINGTON (TIP): West 		
 with the wicket having pace and we are ready to play an exciting game," he added.  Experienced South African batsman AB de Villiers scored 112 from 107 deliveries while chasing in the fourth ODI to nearly take the game away from the hosts.  Speaking on de 		
 <s> (Source: Express Photo by Kamleshwar Singh)  While a lot of South Africa's success has been built around Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers , their biggest matchwinner is, undoubtedly, Dale Steyn.  Virat Kohli, however, believes that too much is being made 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 try to break the record of fastest century in the One Day Internationals that was recently broke by South Africa captain AB de Villiers .  When Shahid Afridi was 17 years old, he hit the fastest century in just 37 balls against  Just ahead of the World Cup 2015 		
 president but proved to be an interesting exchange of ideas with a couple of thought...  NELSON: Corey Anderson saluted AB de Villiers on Monday for a "hell of an innings" after the South African broke the New Zealander's record for the fastest century in a 		
 latter beat the hosts by 214 runs sealing the first ever bilateral series win in the country.  Centuries were scored by AB de Villiers , Quinton de Kock and Faf du Plessis attaining a massive 3-2 series win.  4) Which HC has indicated that castration of 		
 and weeks ...  India v/ s South Africa 4th Test: Amla dismissed but SA reach 94/3 at lunch on ... - Daily News & Analysis AB de Villiers showed another side of his game as he gave Amla stiff competition in stonewalling, reaching unbeaten 26 off 203 balls 		
 in chief as he claimed five wickets for 30 runs while R Ashwin, who is the leading wicket taker of the series, claimed two.  AB de Villiers was the only batsman in the South African line up to offer any resistance, making 42 runs.  Earlier, resuming the day on 		
 Natalie Du Toit, Chad le Clos, Bafana Bafana and Kaizer Chiefs player Morgan Gould and Proteas' players Hashim Amla, AB De Villiers and Faf Du Plessis.  Editor's note: The following § 1 is retained from the Charter of 1938 as referenced in § 1.2 of the 		
 , he was dismissed by Parvez Rasool.  His departure at the stage when his team needed him most made destructive hitter AB de Villiers to arrive on the 22 yards pitch.  With two boundaries and a six, he smashed 27 runs facing 17 balls before succumbing to 		
 side went 3-0 ahead in Bloemfontein during the week.  Earlier, the hosts had made 299 for seven, an innings built around AB de Villiers ' swashbuckling 96 off 76 and 68 off 69 from Graeme Smith.  (Supersport.com)  The Senate on Tuesday affirmed the 		
 like lightning, hurtles forward, scoops with one hand, and suddenly South Africa have lost two in two overs! 217/4  AB de Villiers c Collingwood b Broad 58 165 119 5 0 48.73 102.4 got him this time!  Slightly shorter, de Villiers leans into a whippy pull, 		
 be a tad worried about the form of Hashim Amla, who takes over as captain for the Test format.  In contrast, ODI captain AB de Villiers , termed Superman by former Indian captain Sunil Gavaskar, seems to be in the form his life and his wicket will certainly 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 from Olympic qualifying, fearing such action might invite scrutiny of the eligibility of o  BANGALORE, India (AP) – AB de Villiers prepares for his 100th test match amid increasing popularity and rising expectations.  You will find a store with 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 create faster, more responsive IT e...  Digital agency BlackSmoke's latest research findings reveal that cricketer AB de Villiers is the mos...  "> 12.11.15 SA's most popular celebrities on social media  Clearly mobile security is a long-term 		
 a 4-0 defeat [...]  New Delhi, 11/2 India's Test skipper Virat Kohli's ability as a batsman has often been compared to AB de Villiers by cricket experts.  However, it is now clear that the South African is ahead of Kohli and is widely regarded as the best 		
 they are missing world-class third seamer Vernon Philander for at least the first two Tests, and beyond Hashim Amla and AB De Villiers you wonder about their quality with the bat.  But before you get carried away, England have a worry at opener, are missing 		
 2018 will be facilitated by Hyderabad  PM of Bhutan Lyonchhen Tshering Tobgay India visit  South African Cricket player AB de Villiers hit quickest century in ODI  Pankaj Advani guaranteed National Billiards title for seventh time  Sydney International 		
 have launched a red cricket boot called the Pulse which will be worn by players like Adam Gilchrist, Brendon Mccullum, AB De Villiers , Albie & Morne Morkel to name a few.  It is a top of the line, high performance shoe that offers excellent comfort, ride and 		
 .  South Africa's innings had lasted for a additional nine overs during the course of the morning as Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers extra sixty eight further.  De Villiers was at his expansive preferred, getting balls from exterior off in the leg facet 		
 who strive to create memorable experiences, again and again.  Combining local [...]  The South African captain, AB de Villiers , has hailed his team for showing great character in the 3 rd ODI match against Sri Lanka.  South Africa defeated Sri Lanka 		
 at 130.  The stylish batsman had always been a good performer but he could never make the national side with the brilliant AB de Villiers getting in his way but now that de Villiers is an established first teamer, he can make the grade at the A level South 		
 for a paltry 177 to try to catch India 307-7 in Melbourne earlier in the tournament.  However, batting first, the side AB de Villiers had amassed 339-4 against Zimbabwe, 408-5 when they took in the West Indies and 411-4 facing Ireland – three games they 		
 and wars for oil will be regarded as relics of the dark ages.  Virat Kolhi made a magnificent century and, although AB de Villiers ' also reached three figures, India won the fourth one-day international.  AB de Villiers' sublime century proved to be 		
 century and, although AB de Villiers' also reached three figures, India won the fourth one-day international.  AB de Villiers' sublime century proved to be in vain as India levelled the one-day international series with a 35-run victory over 		
 was beaten by Russia - who will host the competition, despite allegations that the result was pre-determined.  AB de Villiers' achievements in recent years have been hailed as "absolutely unbelievable" by India captain Virat Kohli.  India 		
 hailed as "absolutely unbelievable" by India captain Virat Kohli.  India captain Virat Kohli has lavished praise on AB de Villiers , labelling the South African's form over recent years "absolutely unbelievable".  De Villiers is one of cricket's 		
 Fahad Alhashmi suffered a knee injury after he slipped while bowling and was unable to bat  UAE celebrate the wicket of AB de Villiers , who fell one run short of his century  South Africa's Rilee Rossouw took a fine one-handed catch to dismiss UAE batsman 		
 to South Africa would not be a terrible result.  While South Africa still have some of the best players in the world - AB de Villiers , Hashim Amla and Dale bleacherreport.com  Cape Town (AFP) - South Africa and New Zealand survived shock defeats on the 		
 inside three days on a turning track in Mohali, India will once again look to unleash their troika of spinners to spoil AB de Villiers' landmark 100th match when the two sides square off in the second cricket Test, here on Saturday.  After a comprehensive 		
 a thrilling four-wicket win.  The Black Caps are jubilant, but Morne Morkel , who bowled brilliantly today, and skipper AB de Villiers are reduced to tears by a heartbreaking loss.  Credit has to go to Grant Elliott (84 not out) for his clutch batting, but 		
 South Africa needs.  BANG!  Anderson gives himself some room and cuts hard for four runs in front of point.  This was not AB de Villiers' finest moment.  (Getty Images: Hannah Peters)  NZ 4-231 (Elliott 47, Anderson 45) - 35th over - 67 to win  BOOF!  Elliott 		
 next delivery in the *ahem* midriff and is looking a little bit sore.  FOUR!  Anderson hits Morkel over extra mid-off and AB de Villiers messes up his effort in the deep and it goes for four.  What's happened to AB?  I did hear he had a haircut before today's game 		
 's barrelled into the stumps.  The third umpire shows he removed the bails without the ball in his hand.  That was amazing!  AB de Villiers is fallible after all.  And he looked truly uncoordinated there.  FOUR!!  Elliott leans back and punches a short ball past 		
 and Morkel can't stop it from hitting the padding at third man.  NZ 4-203 (Elliott 33, Anderson 32 ) - 31st over - 95 to win  AB de Villiers has brought himself on to bowl.  Gutsy move.  He angles one in at Elliott's leg stump and it's whipped away for a single. </s> 		
 returns to the attack after being hammered out of it by Brendon McCullum to the tune of 39 runs from three overs.  Maybe AB de Villiers can sense some vulnerability in the Black Caps batsmen.  Elliott guides a single to third man to start the over.  Ross 		
 environment we have in the team is amazing.  Bangalore boast of an attacking batting line-up in Virat Kohli, Chris Gayle AB de Villiers and Dahiya said it would be about sticking to their plan and stay focussed.  "We always plan, I would be lying if I say we do 		
 be lying if I say we don't plan for a player.  It's about sticking to the plan.  There's no special plan.  They have not only AB de Villiers and Yuvraj Singh, there's Virat Kohli then you cannot leave aside Chris Gayle.  How can you not count him.  They are a very 		
 provision.  Let me in advance congratulate all the winners of tonight's awards, and thank you all for your attention.  AB de Villiers hits fastest ODI 150 in South Africa World Cup win  AB de Villiers hit the fastest ODI hundred against West Indies last 		
 tonight's awards, and thank you all for your attention.  AB de Villiers hits fastest ODI 150 in South Africa World Cup win  AB de Villiers hit the fastest ODI hundred against West Indies last month  Only last month, De Villiers hit the fastest-ever ODI 		
 skipper Ricky Ponting on how to lead the team and be its best batsman in a period of transition.  DURBAN, Aug 26 (Reuters) - AB de Villiers returned to form with a brisk half-century which helped South Africa to complete a 62-run win and a 2-1 series victory 		
 the point boundary but he had the last laugh when he knocked back the batsman's leg stump and broke into two with his next.  AB de Villiers came in to bat and straightaway hit Awana for a six, moving across the crease and swinging it over deep mid-wicket for six 		
 it was too late to treat their malaria.71 8.09 8.  Shakib Al Hasan 118 2nd Bangladesh v Zimbabwe 11 May 2013 KP Pietersen, AB de Villiers 133* 3rd South Africa v New Zealand 19 Feb 2012 CH Gayle.  " and metaphor of "friends" and "strangers" refracted in the 		
 .  Around the world, a group of super-charged batsmen is revolutionising ODI cricket.  Leading the way is South Africa's AB de Villiers , who smashed a 31-ball hundred against West Indies in January.  But with strike-rates rocketing and records tumbling, 		
 with injury, replaced an in-form Kyle Abbott.  At the time, South Africa's coach, Russell Domingo, and captain, AB de Villiers , had met with Lorgat who reminded them to "properly consider the best XI bearing in mind the transformation guidelines 		
 quality.  South Africa are not going to choke in their World Cup quarter-final against Sri Lanka, according to captain AB de Villiers .  The Proteas have never won a knockout match at the World Cup, but De Villiers says history will have no bearing in Sydn 		
 from North America:  SA Wins the Series 3-2.  On being asked what was the reason he elected to bat after winning the toss, AB de Villiers said, "Biggest reason is it is a final, nice to have runs on the board and put pressure on the Indian team.  " The script 		
 before throwing his wicket to Ravindra Jadeja but his dismissal did not put any sort of stress on the upcoming batsmen.  AB de Villiers was absolutely stunning as his precious 28 runs from 14 balls made CSK to come on the back foot. 3 sixes and 1 boundary from 		
 from Olympic qualifying, fearing such action might invite scrutiny of the eligibility of o  BANGALORE, India (AP) – AB de Villiers prepares for his 100th test match amid increasing popularity and rising expectations.  Hospitality Students find out 		
 have been run out for 33 when he was stranded hopelessly down the pitch at the bowler's end.  But South Africa captain AB de Villiers removed the bails without collecting the ball to give him a reprieve.  Morne Morkel bowled a potentially telling over 		
 Friday in response to Australia's imposing  Mohali: Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin's five-wicket haul trumped AB de Villiers' gritty half-century as India grabbed a narrow 17-run lead after dismissing  New Delhi: With just a day to go to the 		
 <s> Although last match's heroes Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh failed to open their accounts today, Parthiv Patel (57*) and AB de Villiers (45*) powered the team to an easy and comprehensive victory.  Banagalore reached 116/3 in 17.3 overs and won the match by 		
 century.  On second and last day of the practice game against Board President's XI which ended in a draw here on saturday, AB de Villiers made an aggressive century.  The visitors, replying to Board XI's modest first innings tally of 296 and commencing the 		
 , four had economy rates of 10 runs an over or more.  Leg-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, who claimed the prized wicket of AB de Villiers , was the most economical with a rate of 6.5.  The South Africans rode on excellent batting from JP Duminy (68) and AB de 		
 , was the most economical with a rate of 6.5.  The South Africans rode on excellent batting from JP Duminy (68) and AB de Villiers (51) to cruise to victory with two balls to spare.  Duminy had virtually sealed the fate of the match when he smashed three 		
 visit www.verticalbridge.com or call Traci Clancy at 561-948-6367.  SOURCE United States Cellular Corporation  AB de Villiers produced one of the most devastating Twenty20 innings as he smashed an unbeaten 89 from just 42 balls as Royal 		
 National Cricket Stadium in Mirpur on Friday.  The Bangladesh camp is also buoyed by the absence of the ominous AB de Villiers from the South African squad, rested for the series following an ICC ban.  Bangladesh can now focus on the rest without 		
 over of the final day of the Test series, while Hashim Amla got ready to face Umesh Yadav bowling from around the stumps, AB de Villiers stood at the nonstrikers' end with his helmet under his left arm, legs crossed and bat resting on the popping crease. </s> 		
 and got ahead in the series by 1-0.  The first match of the series was washed out by rain.  The South African skipper, AB De Villiers , won the toss and decided to bat first.  Graeme Smith and Hashim Amla came to open the innings and they played some 		
 aggressively after completing his hundred and took the English bowlers apart in the slog overs.  He added 65 runs with AB De Villiers for the fifth wicket and 55 runs with Faf Du Plessis for the 6 th wicket.  These two important partnerships took South 		
 started with spinners from both ends and struck almost immediately with left-arm spinner Arafat Sunny dismissing AB de Villiers in the very first over for two.  De Villiers opened the innings for only the second time in his Twenty20 international 		
 opening day, had Vidarbha reeling at 122 for six before Ravi Jangid (27*) and Aditya Sarwate  There's no doubting that AB de Villiers is a special talent – almost superman-like, capable of doing anything.  He has tried his hand at several sports – hockey, 		
 down, the least in a single session of the day.  Amla and du Plessis overcame the early loss of Dean Elgar and the dangerous AB de Villiers to finish on 105/4 at lunch.  They form the core of this under-performing South African middle order, and with a combined 		
 seventh put.  Dhawan remains perfectly clear of skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who occupies the put in the desk of 8 led by AB de Villiers of South Africa.  Suresh Raina also enhanced his ranking by two locations to eighteen.  For most recent latest affairs 		
 as the considerable movement offered by the pitch saw them misjudge the line of the delivery on several occassions.  AB de Villiers , who is playing in his 100th Test, was the only South African batsman who adjusted well to the conditions, scoring a well 		
 of encounters with batsmen on the 22-yard strip called pitch.  He won some and lost some but it was his encounters with AB de Villiers that he enjoyed the most.  Two days after his retirement from international cricket, the fearsome bowler from 		
 batsman during his 8-year long international career, Johnson called de Villiers the toughest nut to crack.  " AB de Villiers , he's one outstanding player of our generation," Johnson was quoted as saying by Inside Cricket .  "He was always so 		
 Kallis gave the South Africans a great start with his 73 off 54 balls, but the middle order, barring Smith (36) and AB de Villiers (31), failed to put up a good show and the South Africans could get to 172 for five in 20 overs.  Off-spinner Harbhajan 		
 concerning claiming victory increased after a resource box removed the dozens stonewallers about Adelaide on 2012, AB de Villiers and (Faf) Du Plessis, at either finish of going to be the second session for more information regarding make sure that 		
 brand ambassador for the ceat cricket ratings with their partnership with ipl for the strategic time out segment..  Ab de villiers beats faf du plessis, jp duminy in popularity - Mumbai: suresh raina, who had a bad odi and t20 series against south 		
 is another world record .  So it was wild stuff and you can watch it here courtesy of Sky Sports on YouTube.  So, well done AB de Villiers , that innings means that South Africans in pink went round the cricketing world and one hopes the message of what is 		
 214-run victory in Mumbai yesterday.  The Proteas went into the series on 110 points, five adrift of MS Dhoni's men, but AB de Villiers' side fought back after conceding early ground to clinch the series in a dramatic final game.  Meanwhile, as a 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 , analyzing and using data.  1st T20I: Rohit Sharma's ton in vain as SA power to 7-wicket win over India  JP Duminy and AB de Villiers struck fluent half centuries as South Africa beat India by seven wickets in the first Twenty20 International at the 		
 played at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) Stadium on Friday:  South Africa: Hashim Amla run out 36 AB de Villiers b Ashwin 51 Faf du Plessis b Aravind 4 JP Duminy not out 68 F Behardien not out 32 Extras: (LB-5, W-4) 9 Total: (for 3 wickets 		
 have been many players that moved on to the next level and that played representative cricket:  4x Protea players in AB de Villiers , FAF du Plessis, Morne Morkel and Albie Morkel  A SA A player in Theunis de Bruyn  4x Players in the CSA National Academy </s> 		
 be very difficult for India to beat in-form South African team.  Hashim Amla will lead South Africa in the Test series.  AB de Villiers , who scored 3 centuries in 5-match ODI series, will be playing as a batsman.  The Indian team is under a lot of pressure for 		
 .  Delhi brought in Tillekaratne Dilshan and Dirk Nannes.  Delhi brought in Tillekaratne Dilshan and Dirk Nannes as AB de Villiers and Andrew McDonald were dropped.  The Punjab IPL team is currently being valued at USD 200 million (Rs 1000 crore). </s> 		
 the seeds for the Black Caps to become strong contenders for the 2015 World Cup.  Notables such as South African skipper AB de Villiers and India's Rahul Dravid head a worldwide [...]  08/02/2015 / Comments Off on Disaster plants seeds for Black Caps dream 		
 new record with the fastest century in ODIs, Off just 31 balls? a.  Sanath Jayasuriya b.  Rohit Sharma c.  Corey Anderson d.  AB de Villiers  81.  Who won first title in doubles of Sydney international tennis tournament 2015? a.  Sania Mirza and Bethanie 		
 to put up a huge score of 195 runs on the board.  Chasing the target of 196 runs, the South African team started well.  AB De Villiers played some majestic shots in the first few overs, but, as soon as Umar Gul came to bowl, things changed dramatically. </s> 		
 comeback was very tough.  "  The coach of South Africa cricket team, Gary Kirsten, has said that it's undecided whether AB De Villiers will continue to keep wickets in the limited-overs formats of the game.  After Mark Boucher's retirement, De Villiers 		
 .  "  Tags: Kirsten Posted in Uncategorized 	 Comments Off  The wicketkeeper batsman of the South African Cricket team, AB De Villiers , has said that his team is determined to maintain its no. 1 status in the test matches for a long time.  This is the second 	
 defend their targets.  South Africa looked to be up for the challenge, with an impressive opening partnership between AB de Villiers and Graeme Smith for 160, stopped only by an extraordinary run out, thrown directly from the outfield.  The run rate 		
 fell off the last ball of the innings, having equalled the record of 16 sixes in an ODI innings shared by Rohit Sharma and AB de Villiers .  "Chris is an outstanding player," said West Indies captain Jason Holder.  "It's great to have him back in form and 		
 our unique bonus system.  Highlights: India vs South Africa 4th ODI – Hosts Level Five-Match Series in Style Despite AB de Villiers' Magnificent 112  Restaurant Yamaguchi Experience fine dining in San Diego with Roy's Hawaiian Fusion restaurant. </s> 		
 for India's Development, in response to the damage and destruct...  The skipper of the South African ODI and T20 side, AB De Villiers , has said that his captaincy was not that good in the recently played World T20 Championship and some of his decisions 		
 match-winners in the team - and now we've got eight or nine.  "With someone like Jos Buttler, his future could be as good as AB De Villiers .  You've really got to give them the best possible chance to get there.  "  Great Railway Journeys of Europe  Book Summary: 		
 the African team.  Hashim Amla needs just 27 runs to complete his 6000 runs in ODIs.  He will be the 6 th South African do so.  AB de Villiers need 86 runs to become the 2 nd highest run-scorer for South Africa in ODIs.  Old wiggly Harry Reid is the Progressive hero 		
 .  Come, Crota's Temple lies ahead.  If we can breach it, I'm sure another fight awaits.  Dismissing popular perception, AB de Villiers said he is not a nice guy on the field and, if required, can go to any extent in sledging and get someone like "Virat Kohli 		
 South Africa 136/ 5 . India need five more wickets to win 3-0 when play resumes in the final session of the series.  Kudos to AB de Villiers for his firm resistance right through the day.  Can he come up with some more fight after tea? 14 ...  19:49:42 The 9 - 5 and 		
 either.  Sampras had nothing of that, Federer had nothing of that.  When you're a top sportsman like Sachin Tendulkar and AB de Villiers , you don't need to do anything like that.  You are already very popular and that's a lesson for all those people full of 		
 Rectangle Zippered Pillowcase Pillow Cover 20x30 inches related information  The captain of South Africa ODI team, AB de Villiers , played his first match for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) yesterday and got 		
 deliveries for his 40.  In reply, Bangalore lost Chris Gayle in the 7 th over when the score was 47.  At that crucial stage, AB de Villiers came to bat.  He was playing alright.  At the other hand, Virat Kohli was looking in great touch.  So, de Villiers was trying 		
 for RCB is that the most expensive bought of IPL 2014 Yuvraj Singh is back in form and in the presence of Kohli, Gayle and AB de Villiers , returning form of Yuvi will pose more difficulties for the opposition.  Kohli continued his good form in the previous 		
 100 wickets (ave.23.43) on Indian soil, surpassing Harbhajan Singh's record of reaching the milestone in 19 Tests.  AB DE VILLIERS IS HAVING A GALA TIME: AB de Villiers' 63 on Friday was his 5th fifty-plus score in eight innings on this tour. de Villiers 		
 soil, surpassing Harbhajan Singh's record of reaching the milestone in 19 Tests.  AB DE VILLIERS IS HAVING A GALA TIME: AB de Villiers ' 63 on Friday was his 5th fifty-plus score in eight innings on this tour. de Villiers has accumulated 491 runs at 70.14 		
 by a South Africa pace attack that ruthlessly exploited a pitch offering pace and bounce.  South Africa captain AB de Villiers said: "I backed our pace bowlers to do well on this track and Dale [Steyn] and Morne set the trend for us to follow.  The 		
 the leg side, and Dale Steyn did likewise to Prosper Utseya with the aid of a wonderful left-handed diving catch from AB de Villiers .  With Ervine fending a short ball behind off the face of the bat, Zimbabwe were ultimately glad just to better their 		
 the only window which presents the average Indian the opportunity to show his loyalties towards his city.  Cheering on AB de Villiers while praying for a cheap dismissal for Dhoni (and definitely no last ball sixes from him!), the city of Mumbai 		
 of allegedly "holding him by the collar".  The incident is said to have happened behind the sightscreen as RCB players AB de Villiers and Ashok Dinda rushed to the rescue of their fellow player.  Later at night, Srinath reportedly summoned Uthappa and 		
 .  Gayle has been in tremendous form this season while Tillakaratne Dilshan has also had his fair share of successes.  AB de Villiers' presence in the middle-order is pivotal.  The bowlers have gradually started to do well, Ray Ban Clubmaster Sunglasses 		
 in the Super Over in a thrilling match yesterday.  RCB scored 15 in the Super Over, thanks to two towering sixes by AB de Villiers off the final two balls from Umesh Yadav.  Delhi's reply was undone quickly when David Warner was dismissed off Ravi 		
 .  'It's pretty incredible.  'It's really a beautiful machine.  where one of his rivals was the prodigiously talented AB de Villiers , He shares something with Murray in that he first got into the game via playing swingball.  Reports claim Abraham 		
 make further inroads.  At the close after trailing by 115 runs on the first innings, South Africa were 166 for five with AB de Villiers not out 29 and Vernon Philander not out one.  The draw ensured that Australia retained their unbeaten record at the 		
 stay the same.  " South Africa: (probable) 1 Graeme Smith (capt), 2 Jacques Rudolph, 3 Hashim Amla, 4 Jacques Kallis, 5 AB de Villiers , 6 Ashwell Prince, 7 Mark Boucher (wk), 8 Vernon Philander, 9 Dale Steyn, 10 Morne Morkel, 11 Imran Tahir Dilshan has 		
 .  It will be a good Test wicket with something for both bat and ball and something to play for over five days for a change.  " AB de Villiers hopes for a Test match that lasts the distance.  Kumar Sangakkara recalls the 2000 Durban Test, the only one Sri Lanka 		
 ), introduced in the 10th over of the innings, then produced the big moment after cleaning up first -innings top-scorer AB de Villiers (16) on a flighted, pitched up delivery that stayed low and rushed on to the off stump.  This was the second time in the 		
 take the field as a precaution in a blow to South Africa's hopes of restricting India to a low total in the second innings.  AB de Villiers struggled initially but made a swashbuckling 63 off 83 balls to top score for his side, who conceded a first-innings 		
 Raneem El Welily 11-9, 11-6, 4-11, 11-9 at the Qatar Classic Squash Championship  October 31, 2015 Comments Off on AB de Villiers Slams Ton For South Africans, After Shardul Thakur Scalps Four For Hosts  AB de Villiers scored 112 for South Africans in 		
 <s> October 31, 2015 Comments Off on AB de Villiers Slams Ton For South Africans, After Shardul Thakur Scalps Four For Hosts  AB de Villiers scored 112 for South Africans in the warm-up game against Board President's XI.  Mumbai Pacer Shardul Thakur picked 		
 last week, South Africa are under pressure to square the Mahatma Gandhi-Nelson Mandela series, premier batsman AB de Villiers said on Thursday.  "Though I am playing my 100th Test, I don't feel any pressure, but I feel pressure because we are one 		
 ]  Abraham Benjamin de Villiers or more profoundly known as AB de Villiers is the most dominant and destructive batsmen in the World Cricket yet with an impeccable consistency.  With this 		
 latter beat the hosts by 214 runs sealing the first ever bilateral series win in the country.  Centuries were scored by AB de Villiers , Quinton de Kock and Faf du Plessis attaining a massive 3-2 series win.  4) Which HC has indicated that castration of 		
 Africa, bowling out the visitors for 184 runs in their first innings on the second day of the first Test here on Friday.  AB de Villiers (63) was the top scorer for the visitors, who started the day on their overnight score of 28/2 in reply to India's 201.  A 		
 Canadian Continue reading →  James Hird prepared to seem at Senate inquiry into ASADA Royal Challengers Bangalore star AB de Villiers belts forty one off one hundred ten:fifty four.  Featured Video.  Royal Challengers Bangalore star AB de Villiers belts 		
 star AB de Villiers belts forty one off one hundred ten:fifty four.  Featured Video.  Royal Challengers Bangalore star AB de Villiers belts forty one off ... Marathon Continue reading →  Jet gasoline stays in Shively soil months after pipeline spill 		
 Titans cricketer Morné Morkel. fact	date=August 2008  One Day International Centuries  De Villiers – may refer to: AB de Villiers , a current South African international cricketer De Villiers Graaff, a former South African politician.  Fanie de 	
 Alastair Cook.  England Lions levelled their Twenty20 series against Pakistan A with an emphatic 41-run win in Dubai.  AB de Villiers will return to his role as wicketkeeper-batsman for South Africa's opening two Tests against England.  Essex have 		
 control of Virat Kohli's enthusiastic 'potential 11'.  Despite a good show from Yuvraj Singh (83 runs of 38 balls) and AB de Villiers (56 runs of 32 balls) while batting first, Steve Smith and James Faulkner made an impossible task possible by severely 		
 Which year the Signing of agreement between India and Afghanistan was approved by Union Cabinet?  A :- On 27th Aug 2015.  AB de Villiers surpassed the big record of Sourav Ganguly for fastest 8000 ODI runs.  Q :- who broke the record of Sourav Ganguly for 		
 Ganguly for fastest 8000 ODI runs.  Q :- who broke the record of Sourav Ganguly for making the fastest 8000 ODI runs?  A :- AB de Villiers .  Union Government announced names of 98 smart cities.  Q :- How many smart cities were announced by Union Government?  A : 		
 and will look to lead the side with equal enthusiasm here; the team has several match-winners like Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers , Rilee Rossouw, Dinesh Karthik and the captain himself to name a few.  Bowlers like Mitchell Starc, Nic Maddinson, Adam 		
 and data center markets  SA v SL – 2nd ODI – East London  Sri Lankan Upul Tharanga plays a shot, as South African cricketer AB de Villiers (captain) wicketkeeper watches during the 2nd One Day International match between South Africa and Sri Lanka at the 		
 blend of experienced and young players.  On the other side, Bangalore Royal Challengers have plenty of winners like AB De Villiers , Tillekeratne Dilshan and Virat Kohli to name a few.  Kochi Read More...  Today, all eyes will be upon Rajiv Gandhi 		
 Hancock, Vice President  Marilyn Strickland, Vice President  Chris Cabaldon, Vice President  BANGALORE, India: AB de Villiers makes his 100th Test appearance on Thursday hoping to inspire his South African team-mates to a series-levelling 		
 target to defend.  Man-of-the-match Axar (2-0-11-2) was again the star with the ball, picking up the crucial wickets of AB de Villiers and Mandeep Singh when the game was on the line.  Tidy figures from Anureet Singh (2-0-21-2), Beuran Hendricks(2-0-9-1 		
 top order led from the front in their last match against the Mumbai Indians, with captain Virat Kohli (82*) and AB de Villiers (133*) setting an IPL partnership record of 215 on their way to 235/1.  Mitchell Starc (4-0-41-1), Sreenath Aravind ( 		
 , four had economy rates of 10 runs an over or more.  Leg-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, who claimed the prized wicket of AB de Villiers , was the most economical with a rate of 6.5.  The South Africans rode on excellent batting from JP Duminy (68) and AB de 		
 , was the most economical with a rate of 6.5.  The South Africans rode on excellent batting from JP Duminy (68) and AB de Villiers (51) to cruise to victory with two balls to spare.  Duminy had virtually sealed the fate of the match when he smashed three 		
 produced a gem of a knock that powered RCB's win over SRH who set a considerably competitive total of 155 to win for them.  AB de Villiers scoring a tremendous unbeaten 89 is considered to be one of the best batsmen in T20 cricket due to his power hitting and 		
 is straight out of the world as it has practically no tail.  Even after SRH managed to get 4 wickets RCB specialist batsmen AB de Villiers and Yuvraj Singh were in the middle much to the agony of the SRH players and to the delight of the home crowd.  The equation 		
 means Dean Elgar and Stiaan van Zyl could have to bowl more than usual.  The South African batting looks formidable with AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis in excellent form.  Elgar and van Zyl will add more firepower to their batting while Temba Bavuma is 		
 four fast bowlers claimed a wicket.  The batsmen out were Mohammad Hafeez, Nasir Jamshed, Azhar Ali and Younis Khan.  AB de Villiers hurried to a century before South Africa declared on 275 for three, leaving Pakistan with an hour's batting before 		
 made a more confident start to the second innings and Hafeez was somewhat unfortunate to fall to a diving catch by AB de Villiers when he glanced Vernon Philander to leg.  Jamshed and Azhar put on 57 for the second wicket but tight bowling by Dale Steyn 		
 in the entire series.  The visitors went for the tea-break at 136 for five with Dane Vilas giving overnight batsman AB de Villiers company.  Post-tea session Umesh Yadav got wicket of Dane Vilas.  Then Ashwin dismissed de Villiers by off-break.  His 		
 of 22,600.  Whoever says Test cricket is losing its sheen under the onslaught of limited overs cricket needs to rethink.  AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli, for obvious reasons, drew loud cheers.  In fact, AB has more fan following in Bengaluru than most of the 		
 of current Indian team.  Basavaraj and six of his friends have come from Tumakuru to watch those out of world strokes from AB de Villiers and AB didn't disappoint them either.  Srivatsa A and his brother, cricket fans from Bengaluru, echoed same ...  Market 		
 to have predictable ...  Amla's first assignment will be a two-match series in Sri Lanka next month with one-day captain AB de Villiers as his vice-captain.  "I would like to pay tribute to the leadership Graeme Smith has provided throughout my 		
 second century in the Delhi Test to give India a 480-run lead on the fourth day, before South African duo Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers showed grit to take team to 72/2 New Delhi: Ajinkya Rahane on Sunday achieved the rare distinction of scoring a century 		
 wrecked more havoc, bowling their opponents out for just 109.  Only Murali Vijay (75 and 47), Cheteshwar Pujara (77) and AB de Villiers (63) put up any resistance, scoring half-centuries with the bat on both sides.  When quizzed if matches not lasting the 		
 on Irans program must last for decades.  Find out more Which is odd. also happens in normal ageing.  Chris Gayle or AB de Villiers - on a smaller ground they possibly could make 300.  But the increase in runs is most often attributed to the  Later it was 		
 took a wicket in his first over and dismissed both South African opening batsmen cheaply to leave the hosts struggling.  AB de Villiers , who made 91 in the first innings, again provided the only significant resistance to the Johnson-inspired bowling 		
 31, leaving some to suggest this mark might never be broken.  Interestingly, both innings came against the West Indies.  AB de Villiers screams in delight after reaching his century.  Source: Getty Images  It took de Villiers a mere 40 minutes to go from zero 		
 claim a remarkable series draw against Sri Lanka on Monday.  That is the only change in the top 10, with South Africa's Ab De Villiers still in first place, while further down the standings Azhar's century saw him move up three places to 22nd.  Meanwhile, 		
 <s> Accounting to more than seventy percent of the total RCB scores their performance has being decisive for the team.  Also AB de Villiers has played a decent inning so far.  The weakest part of the team is its middle order but these three players on pitch team do 		
 top order batsman re-injured his left hamstring while fielding at the WACA on Saturday.  BANGALORE, Nov 14 (Reuters) - AB de Villiers ' masterly 85 in his 100th test could not gloss over South Africa's spin frailty as India took charge of the second test 		
 51-year rivalry in the United Arab Emirates on Tuesday.  KANPUR, India, Oct 10 (Reuters) - South Africa one-day captain AB de Villiers swatted aside suggestions that India off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin could prove his nemesis in the five-match 		
 out the south with South Africa.  As our Rwandan partner put it, "This is the defenceweb.co.za  Protea's captain AB de Villiers , media personality Bonang Matheba and politician Helen Zille make up the list of South Africa's most followed 		
 stronger than ever.  A couple of solid buys, followed by retention of match winners like Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers , has reinstated their position on the map as one of the firm favourites.  But the team doesn't restrict themselves to the 		
 stretched to distance however in the end; they were capable to make it through to victory thanks courtesy the batting by AB de Villiers and great performances by other players.  On the other side, Mumbai Indians team was clinical in its performance 		
 week, the Brazilian government said it had levied a $65 million fine against Samarco.  Aug 4 (Reuters) - Dale Steyn and AB de Villiers have been recalled to South Africa's one-day international side for the visit of New Zealand later this month, but 		
 five wicket hall.  On other side the South Africa have a strong bowling with Morkel and Dale Steyn and the eyes will be on Ab De villiers .  India Vs South Africa Pool B ICC Cricket World Cup 2015  India Vs South Africa 2015 ICC Cricket World Cup.  The battle of 		
 November 8 and 10 respectively.  South Africa ODI squad: Graeme Smith (capt), Hashim Amla, Johan Botha, Mark Boucher, AB de Villiers , JP Duminy, Jacques Kallis, Charl Langeveldt, Ryan McLaren, Albie Morkel, Wayne Parnell, Alviro Petersen, Dale 		
 van der Merwe Twenty20 squad: Graeme Smith (capt), Yusuf Abdulla, Loots Bosman, Johan Botha, Mark Boucher (wk), AB de Villiers , JP Duminy, Jacques Kallis, Heino Kuhn (wk), Charl Langeveldt, Ryan McLaren, Albie Morkel, Wayne Parnell, Dale Steyn 		
 54 45 7 5 188.88  LJ Wright c de Villiers b Steyn 2 6 5 0 0 40.00 17.4 another full toss, but Wright doesn't time that at all, and AB de Villiers sets himself well and completes an easy catch. 167/5  MJ Prior c Morkel b McLaren 0 3 1 0 0 0.00 18.2 width again, full length 		
 high catch, this time to backward point as Duminy gets a thick outside edge trying to swing hard over the leg side 203/3  AB de Villiers run out (Morgan/Prior) 24 17 13 3 1 184.61 19.4 from Anderson, swung through square leg, de Villiers chances coming back 		
 at some of the key facts and figures from the 2015 Cricket World Cup as four sixes and six fours from South Africa captain AB de Villiers (99 from 82 balls) helps The Proteas to qualify for the knockout stages with a routine 146-run victory over the (already 		
 were verbal clashes and ugly scenes, too, with Francois Du Plessis shoving 12th man Kyle Mills after the run-out of AB De Villiers .  But again the bottom line was that the Kiwis were better than the sum of their parts.  " Set 222 to win in the Bangladeshi 		
 .  The visitors began the day on 28 for two as overnight batsmen Dean Elgar (37) and Hashim Amla (43) combined for 76, while AB De Villiers would become a lone warrior later on for his 63 before falling to Mishra.  From 85 for three, the Proteas eventually 		
 player until after their clash with the co-hosts in Sydney.  Not short of confidence, the top-ranked ODI batsman AB De Villiers is tipping a South Africa win over Sri Lanka at the Cricket World Cup.  Speaking ahead of South Africa's quarter-final 		
 the retiring Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene.  With the world's number one ranked ODI batsman in tow - captain AB De Villiers - South Africa go in slight favourites, but the lack of a group-stage safety net will make the dimension a little tougher 		
 two days, jeopardising the possibility of a result in the contest.  While this is surely not how South African talisman AB de Villiers expected his 100th test to pan out, the Proteas are unlikely to mind the rain intervention. – Reuters  The Discos were 		
 100 wickets (ave.23.43) on Indian soil, surpassing Harbhajan Singh's record of reaching the milestone in 19 Tests.  AB DE VILLIERS IS HAVING A GALA TIME: AB de Villiers' 63 on Friday was his 5th fifty-plus score in eight innings on this tour. de Villiers 		
 soil, surpassing Harbhajan Singh's record of reaching the milestone in 19 Tests.  AB DE VILLIERS IS HAVING A GALA TIME: AB de Villiers ' 63 on Friday was his 5th fifty-plus score in eight innings on this tour. de Villiers has accumulated 491 runs at 70.14 		
 3037230 with expiration dates from March to December 2016.  Three tons power South Africa to series win against India AB de Villiers was the star of a stunning South Africa ...  Texas Electrician Experience Verification Form Schools will accept 		
 =http://www.yrhs.ca/ping-g25-driver.html]Ping G25 Driver[/url] Anwar, and South Africans Herschelle Gibbs, AB de Villiers and Quinton de Kock as three in a row men.  His unbeaten 105 off 135 balls highlighted the importance of he, Williamson and 		
 visitors began the day on 28 for two as the overnight batsmen Dean Elgar (37) and Hashim Amla (43) combined for 76, while AB De Villiers made 63 before falling to Mishra.  From 85 for three, the Proteas eventually folded for 99 additional runs.  India's 		
 means Dean Elgar and Stiaan van Zyl could have to bowl more than usual.  The South African batting looks formidable with AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis in excellent form.  Elgar and van Zyl will add more firepower to their batting while Temba Bavuma is 		
 window, when Australia's best batsmen David Warner and Steve Smith fell to the finger-spin...  World No 3 test batsman AB de Villiers will return to the role of wicketkeeper for South Africa in the opening two tests of their four-match home series 		
 the two wickets in the first six overs, Kusal's big-hitting took Sri Lanka to 51 for 2 at the end of the power-play.  AB De Villiers , captaining in place of the injured Faf du Plessis, introduced spin immediately after the fielding restrictions.  JP 		
 ) 0  R A Jadeja run out (de Villiers) 2  Did not bat: U T Yadav, M M Sharma  South Africa innings (target: 308 runs from 50 overs)  AB de Villiers run out (M M Sharma/Dhoni) 30  D A Miller run out (Yadav/Dhoni) 22  Toss - India, who chose to bat  Former India captain Anil 		
 to accompany the stamp, was a special RCB envelop, with profile shots of three of RCB's key players, Chris Gayle, Ab De Villiers and Captain Virat Kohli set in the foreground of the world's only solar powered cricket stadium – Chinaswamy Stadium, 		
 one-day international cricket match of a five-game series in Mumbai.–AP  MUMBAI: Quinton de Kock, Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers all hit centuries as South Africa thrashed India by 214 wins yeterday to clinch the five-match one-day international 		
 after he scored 103 in the third ODI in Rajkot.  His dismissal failed to faze du Plessis, who then combined with captain AB de Villiers to make the most of a lacklustre and extremely generous Indian bowling display during the daynight match. </s> 		
 series has surprised former captain Sunil Gavaskar even though he feels that the Proteas were incapable  NEW DELHI: AB de Villiers just made boring exhilarating.  From being batting's Superman, he effortlessly slipped into its Clark Kent persona at 		
 draw than chase an improbable 481-run victory target.  Amla (23) led their dour reply with his 244-ball resistance and AB de Villiers (43) battled for about six hours, much of it with a swollen thumb, before the tourists folded for 143 in 143.1 overs. </s> 		
 . -  Latest India vs. South Africa T20 Odds; Category: 3rd T20 Test: India (13/14) South Africa (20/19) Top Batsman: AB de Villiers (5/2) Rohit Sharma (3/1) Top bleacherreport.com  Manjrekar: 'Lightning' Jadeja a big plus.  It is often said that Test 		
 DISPLAY HARDLY USED  Ajinkya Rahane takes hundreds of catches in training: Fielding coach Sridhar – "You can say AB de Villiers is a good fielder but I think (Ravindra ... so that it enabled him to take that catch.  He's been working on his fitness, to 		
 exercise in first week of May, the release added.  Riding on an unbeaten century stand between Tillakaratne Dilshan and AB de Villiers , Royal Challengers Bangalore registered a massive 46-run victory over Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League 		
 firm of Zimmer Gunsel Frasca.  Proteas superstar, Faf du Plessis, talks about his special relationship with teammate AB de Villiers and reflects on their high school days at the Afrikaans Hoër Seunskool (Affies).  Leus du Plooy, captain of the Affies 		
 by sending Dean Elgar back to the pavilion after contributing 38 runs off 81 balls, together with 2 boundaries and a six.  AB de Villiers proved again why he always stands out amid others.  He was eying some solid partnership, which he did not get that could 		
 scored 15 runs apiece before succumbing to Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja, respectively. 31-year-old AB de Villiers , on the other hand, played a knock of 85 runs off 105 balls.  His innings included 11 fours and a six.  Contribution of 50 		
 quarterfinals, which will be played on consecutive days in Melbourne, Adelaide and Wellington.  South Africa skipper AB de Villiers vowed in the buildup to the match to end more than two decades of World Cup heartache for the country's cricket fans and 		
 pool.  De Villiers is a proven World Cup performer, having hit three centuries across the 2007 and 2011 tournaments.  AB de Villiers is presented with his 2015 World Cup shirt.  AP Photo: Schalk van Zuydam.  Source: AP  INDIA unveiled it's official team 		
 century.  On second and last day of the practice game against Board President's XI which ended in a draw here on saturday, AB de Villiers made an aggressive century.  The visitors, replying to Board XI's modest first innings tally of 296 and commencing the 		
 try to break the record of fastest century in the One Day Internationals that was recently broke by South Africa captain AB de Villiers .  When Shahid Afridi was 17 years old, he hit the fastest century in just 37 balls against  Just ahead of the World Cup 2015 		
 .  Three tons power South Africa to cricket ODI series win against India  Mumbai: Quinton de Kock, Faf de Plessis and AB de Villiers all scored hundreds as South Africa crushed India's bowling attack to post 438-4 and win the deciding one-day 		
 a good record for the Orange shirts, but, last year, he had taken some pounding at the hands of MS Dhoni, Yusuf Pathan and AB De Villiers .  On green pitches, Steyn is still a very handy bowler, but, in India, most of the pitches are not of that nature.  Islamic 		
 Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.  The South African ODI captain, AB De Villiers , played one hell of a knock for his team Royal Challengers Bangalore in an IPL game against Sunrisers Hyderabad 		
 shared eight wickets as South Africa crumbled for 214 on the opening day of the second Test in Bangalore yesterday.  AB de Villiers marked his 100th Test with a stroke-filled 85 to bolster the score after Indian captain Virat Kohli won the toss and 		
 tea to significantly redress the imbalance.  Playing his 98th consecutive Test since his debut - a record he shares with AB de Villiers - McCullum scored three off his first 11 balls before treating the small crowd to unrestrained use of his scything blade 		
 to a study published online December 8 in The BMJ.  The study's findings are based on insurance ...  South Africa's AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla the rocks England must crack - The Guardian (blog) If England omit Gary Ballance from their final XI 		
 have been a lot of keepers who became quite successful without having the best of keeping skills.  Adam Gilchrist and Ab De Villiers are the prime examples.  "  "The thing with Buttler is that he has got the X factor.  He can change the game from any situation 		
 India Nivea in Sanand, Gujarat?  Which South African cricketer replaced Virat Kohli as No. 1 batsman in ICC ODI batsman AB de Villiers rankings?  The 11th century stepwell Rani-ki-Vav in Gujarat was included in the UNESCO's World 31 Heritage List.  Now 		
 , Kelly said Think about any casinos that you have used in the past and what you liked and disliked about  African skipper AB de Villiers made a sterling 112, with pundits actually agreeing that in quality and resolve it exceeded Kohli's, who was crowned 		
 early and all of a sudden, South Africa was 3 wickets down and needed a partnership badly.  South African wicket keeper, AB De Villiers , came to bat and he played some wonderful shots.  De Villiers and Petersen put together 97 runs for the fourth wicket. </s> 		
 test century.  It seemed that these two would see the day off.  But, that didn't happen and Stuart Broad knocked over AB De Villiers when the score was 254.  After the fall of the fourth wicket, Dale Steyn came to bat as the night watchman, but, he wasn't 		
 the sides, titleist 915 d2 , who will clash again in a limited overs series in Australia in November.  One day captain AB de Villiers said there was "lots of personal stuff" during the March Test series.  "I see that it's part of the game," de Villiers said 		
 to take a closer look at the club whose sole mission is to have...  Proteas Join The Second Biggest ODI Win  JP Duminy, AB de Villiers hit centuries as South Africa's batsmen came to the charge in the third and final one-day international against 		
 the moment and if he continues playing like this, he can become one of the greats of the game.  The South African skipper, AB De Villiers , looked quite happy with the performance of his team.  De Villiers said that the players performed a bit inconsistently 		
 situation of the match.  Whereas the current team lacks talented aggressive middle order batsmen like a Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers , Steve Smith or an Eoin Morgan, who can play according to the fast pace of modern cricket.  Similarly our top and middle 		
 No. 1 was also rewarded with the World Tour No. 1 trophy at O2 Arena for finishing [...]  Bangalore, 11/13 South Africa's AB de Villiers has warned Indian skipper Virat Kohli that he won't hesitate to sledge if needed during the second Test in Bangalore.  De 		
 .  De Villiers also said that he will try to intimidate India's star batsman by talking about his technique and flaws.  AB de Villiers has warned that he do whatever it [...]  It was the night before we went in for the scheduled C-section and I wasn't sure if I 		
 more often than not started the World Cup as one of the favourites and ended up being on the receiving end of luck.  With AB de Villiers as skipper and stalwart of batting lineup which comprises of Hashim Amla, Faf du Plessis, David Miller and young 		
 catch.  Miller came in with his side struggling at 32 for three in the seventh over.  It became 76 for four when captain AB de Villiers was out for 19.  JP Duminy helped Miller add 90 for the fifth wicket but it was hard going for South Africa against a 		
 century.  Someone who fulfilled these criteria did appear at that time.  South Africa s captain and outstanding player AB de Villiers was left in tears after a gut-wrenching loss to New Zealand in their World Cup semi-final.  It was an.  Get New Zealand vs 		
 for nought.  Ajmal then rocked the South African batting, dimissing Graeme Smith (20), Faf du Plessis (12) and skipper AB de Villiers (four) in his first spell of six overs.  Afridi then jolted South Africa further by taking Ryan McLaren (eight), David 		
 Steyn has also been selected for a record seventh successive year in the ICC Test Team of the Year, while his team-mate AB de Villiers has been selected for the fifth time (2009, 2010, 2011, 2013 and 2014).  India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni has been 		
 south africa by 134 runs and would be hoping to gain sizeable lead on day 2.  (chinnaswamy stadium celebrates the magic of ab de villiers ) 16:45 hrs ist: shikhar dhawan's return to form should please team india for two reasons. one it's the.  Starfire and the 		
 De Villiers family couldn't afford to miss this big occasion.  They were there in full attendance on the opening day of AB de Villiers's 100th Test,  Dmac Media are a web development and hosting company with offices in Sligo and Dublin.  Sites to go ceased 		
 recovery from a broken leg.  The Frenchman sustained the injury in a 2-2 Premier League draw with Everton in...  AB De Villiers said South Africa are gaining valuable experience during their tour of Australia ahead of the ICC Cricket World Cup. </s> 		
 estimation.  Appetites and plenty of porno muy zorras hd para movil If you received the to speak of the to listen to the.  AB de Villiers said South Africa were possibly guilty of "over-thinking" during their one-day international series loss to 		
 how to build and programme various robots.  Elbi users drew some really great robo-crocs and robo-birds, for the ...  Dr. AB de Villiers (the name is common to many male members in the prodigious family) usually has no holiday on Sunday, but stayed back at 		
 regret his decision to send South Africa in, despite the hosts piling up 580 for four declared with Alviro Petersen and AB de Villiers scoring centuries alongside Kallis' double hundred.  "We made early breakthroughs.  If we had caught Jacques Kallis 		
 they would have been 60 for three and we would have put pressure on the South African batting unit.  After that Kallis and AB de Villiers batted really well and we didn't bat well.  "  Dilshan said Sri Lanka needed to strive for consistency in both batting and 		
 .  For this provider, we have not yet received the minimum.  Selecting to bat to begin with, the guests lost their talisman AB de Villiers in the first over however du Plessis struck an unbeaten 79 off 61 balls to control the Proteas to 148-4.  South Africa's 		
 foundation with improved practice habits, and then build a legacy of success and sportsmanship upon that foundation.  AB de Villiers ton rescues South Africa in stalemate  South African cricketer AB de Villiers celebrates his century during a practice 		
 and sportsmanship upon that foundation.  AB de Villiers ton rescues South Africa in stalemate  South African cricketer AB de Villiers celebrates his century during a practice match against Board President's XI in Mumbai on Saturday.  (Source: AP) </s> 		
 and using the bats in the field of action.  Ricky Ponting and Michael Hussey of Australia, Owais Shah of England and AB De Villiers of South Africa all use and have endorsed Kookaburra cricket bats to name just a few players.  In Decmeber 2011 it was 		
 who are capable of turning around games on their own include Shane Watson of Australia, Chris Gayle of West Indies and AB de Villiers of South Africa.  The pitches in Australia and New Zealand will be conducive to pace and bowlers like Dale Steyn of South 		
 relish was distinctive. j <a href=http://www.oakleysunglasses.in.net/>oakley sunglasses store Star Man: AB De Villiers â described as the best cricketer in the world by Adam Gilchrist and David Warner, the wicketkeeper-batsman created 		
 Africa's second innings and at one point of time, it seemed that there might be a result possible in that match.  But, AB De Villiers and Vernon Philander saw off the day for their team and made sure that the first match of the series ended in the form of a 		
 intent on rotating their bowlers, so it isn't going to consider a whole lot for Steyn to go and Makhaya Ntini to come in.  AB de Villiers is still waiting around to return from his bruised hip and if he's cleared Vaughn van Jaarsveld he dropped two catches, 		
 albeit on a placid surface and against an attack lacking penetration.  Perhaps more alarming for their rivals, captain AB de Villiers – the star of their  with 162 not out off 66 balls – played a negligible role with 24 off nine deliveries.  Amla and Du Plessis 		
 third position with 10 points.  RCB are still at sixth place with six points.  Bangalore owed their big total to Yuvraj and AB de Villiers (58) as they shared a magnificent 132-run stand, which powered RCB to 190 for five after electing to bat.  for free crack 		
 last month.  He captained Namibia 40 times and was his country's cricketer of the year in 2012.  South Africa captain AB de Villiers pays tribute to Van Schoor on Titter Ireland international Kevin O'Brien played against Van Schoor in October  The 		
 Noida Cricket Stadium was named as the home ground of Afghanistan, where their cricketers can train and play matches  AB de Villiers will be behind the wickets for the first two tests of the Proteas' four-match home series against England starting this 		
 each.  Graeme Smith and Neil McKenzie put on 50 for the first South African wicket, while Hashim Amla made a useful 38.  AB de Villiers and Ashwell Prince put on 212 for the 5th wicket.  De Villiers was then joined wicketkeeper Mark Boucher, putting on 89 		
 bans on them.  LIVE IND vs SA: live score update of India vs South Africa, 2nd Test Day 1 in Bangalore, Kohli opts to bowl in AB de Villiers' 100th Test.  Robin Singh scored the all-important goal in the 10th minute at the Kanteerava Stadium to give India three 		
 strip.  The Royal Challengers batsmen had all but bagged the game and needed nine runs to win off the last over with AB de Villiers at the crease.  Four balls into the final over, Lynn's Fosbury Flop on the boundary line dismissed de Villiers and set up a 		
 gets Kohli. 13 runs an over from here looks very difficult now.  KKR can not lose this from here.  Lovely from Narine.  But AB de Villiers is in.  It's not impossible for Yuvraj and ABD to chase down 100 from 40 if they get going.  As I said before the start of the 		
 kph, down the leg-side, a loose flick, and that's snaffled!  Kallis walks, and Afghanistan have their fourth! 84/4  AB de Villiers st Mohammad Shahzad b Nowroz Mangal 17 21 1 1 80.95 10.3 90.3 kph, and that's just reward for Afghanistan!  De Villiers 		
 run out (de Villiers) 11 12 0 1 91.66 7.5 M Morkel to Mirwais Ashraf, a dab to gully and an instant call, but you can't take on AB de Villiers in that position.  An instant gather, an under-arm shy, and there's no need to see that one again 32/8  Mirwais Ashraf b 		
 top edge to a legstump delivery, Brendon McCullum runs across from midwicket to take a simple catch near square leg 97/3  AB de Villiers not out 47 39 1 2 120.51  JA Morkel run out (Hopkins) 40 18 0 5 222.22 19.5 Bond to de Villiers, shorter this time and outside 		
 from Morne Morkel has led South Africa to an 18-run win over India in the third ODI.  Quinton de Kock, Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers all hit centuries as South Africa posts 4 for 438 before thrashing India by 214 wins to clinch the five-match ODI series. </s> 		
 side in all the departments as compared to India.  During the match the toss was again won by the South Africa Captain AB de Villiers and he opted to bat first and they managed a very good total of 270/7 in 50 over.  This was look easy for the India team when 		
 .  Together we can make Florida a safer place for cyclists sharing the roadways with motorists and pedestrians.  AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading 		
 sharing the roadways with motorists and pedestrians.  AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa AB de Villiers' 2.68m 		
 .  AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa AB de Villiers' 2.68m followers narrowly beat those of renowned South 		
 Africa  AB de Villiers is the new most followed South African AB De Villiers leading Twitter favourite in South Africa AB de Villiers ' 2.68m followers narrowly beat those of renowned South African comedian Trevor Noah.  Cape Town – Listening to... </s> 		
 Narine wrecked havoc, as he destroyed the RCB batting line-up by claiming the wickets of Takawale, Kohli, Yuvraj and AB de Villiers .  Bangalore finished at 165/5 in 20 overs and lost the match by 30 runs.  Yogesh Takawale scored 45, while Virat Kohli made 		
 four wickets for the KKR.  RCB performed badly in IPL 7 despite the presence of star players Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers , Yuvraj Singh, Mitchell Starc and Muttiah Muralitharan.  Robin Uthappa was declared 'Man of the Match'.  A lot of 		
 arrival helped the South Africans to turned the game in favour of them and he associated in strong partnerships with AB de Villiers and Faf du Plesis where both of them hit 40 runs each.  The early spells of Sri Lankan spinners Chathuranga de Silva and 		
 as they beat India by 214 runs in Mumbai to win the series 3-2.  Quinton de Kock (109), Faf du Plessis (133) and skipper AB de Villiers (119) all hit centuries in their 438-4.  Only once before has a team made three centuries in an ODI, also South Africa 		
 them to a first semi-final since a famous defeat by Australia in 1999.  In reaching their target with 32 overs to spare, AB de Villiers' side also completed the fastest successful run chase in a World Cup knockout match as Sri Lanka, finalists in the 		
 in their innings and lost their last eight wickets for 49 runs to leave South Africa with a clear passage for a series win.  AB de Villiers could see the trophy so clearly he dispatched two back-of-a-length deliveries in Bhuvneshwar's first over.  Hashim 		
 have just walked back to the dressing room- which at that point almost seemed nearer than the crease he left behind.  But AB de Villiers , captain and wicketkeeper, somehow managed to mess up a sitter of a stumping.  A tired Dhawan was eventually dismissed 		
 seems delighted at getting Yuvraj Singh, who further boosts the explosive batting line-up featuring Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers and captain Virat Kohli.  "We now have to fix our bowling and fortunately there a lot of options," Mallya said.  10:22 The 		
 , the guys played quite a few short shots.  The shot selection wasn't the problem, the execution wasn't there.  "  AB de Villiers , the South Afrian team captain, said: "To get two wins in a row against the number one team in the world is very satisfying 		
 , wwlll (last five completed matches, most recent first) South Africa, wwlww, can the pacy Wahab Riaz and Co stop AB de Villiers ?  Getty Images, in the spotlight, quinton de Kock scored his first international century against Pakistan in November 		
 , but, he is at ease at no. 3 and to unsettle him from there, it might not be that smart a call to make for the team management.  AB De Villiers himself, the South Africa captain, is a finisher and the team needs him there at the crease in the last half of the innings 		
 Rony Talukdar, 9 Mashrafe Mortaza (capt), 10 Arafat Sunny, 11 Mustafizur Rahman South Africa: 1 Quinton de Kock (wk), 2 AB de Villiers , 3 Faf du Plessis (capt), 4 JP Duminy, 5 David Miller, 6 Rilee Rossouw, 7 David Wiese, 8 Wayne Parnell, 9 Kyle Abbott, 10 		
 de Kock (22nd), Hashim Amla (24th), David Miller (31st), India limited overs captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni (33rd) and AB de Villiers (39th).  Indian off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin will be the highest-ranked bowler from either side.  The 29-year-old 		
 Raina fell for a second successive zero, holing out in the deep against leg-spinner Imran Tahir.  South African captain AB de Villiers lauded his batsmen, especially de Kock, for the team's victory.  "It was a very special batting performance," he said.  " 		
 ball about 5 yards away from the stumps and then with a direct hit, he knocked the stumps over.  The South African captain AB de Villiers played a brilliant inning of 109 in the third One Day international game against India at Centurion yesterday.  He had 		
 Australia at the WACA Ground in Perth yesterday, levelling the series with a three-wicket win.  Proteas skipper AB de Villiers had vowed his side would be seeking redemption after being beaten by 32 runs in the series opener on Friday.  His [...]  16/ 		
 Oct 11, 2015 INDIA vs SOUTH AFRICAFul ScorecardDate: Sunday, October 11, 2015Venue: Green Park, Kanpur AB de Villiers is the Man of the Match for Oct 4, 2015 ind vs sa live streaming,India vs South Africa live streaming,India vs South 		
 U19 vs India U19. comSouth Africa team: Morne Morkel, Kyle Abbott, Kagiso Rabada, Jean-Paul Duminy, Imran Tahir, AB de Villiers , Faf du Plessis, Stiaan van Zyl, *Hashim Amla, Nov 26, 2015 India v South Africa: Spinners wreak havoc as 20 wickets fall 		
 as the visitors crawled to 72-2 at stumps after 72 overs of relentless blocking over two dot ball-littered sessions.  AB de Villiers shoulders arms to ...  IND vs RSA, 4th Test: Rahane shines with 2nd century, Proteas fight to save match - Zee News At 		
 .  India vs South Africa 5th ODI: Proteas humiliate India for historic series win Quinton de Kock, Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers hammer centuries  New Delhi: Mayank Agarwal continued with his blazing form as India A spoilt South Africa's warm-up 		
 , probably says "more of the same, please.  " The team has gelled at the right time, with Chris Gayle, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers coming to the fore more often, while some of the young – Mandeep Singh against Rajasthan Royals in the Eliminator – have 		
 ball scoring a record breaking 264 runs off 173 balls ( the highest individual score in an ODI ).  Two months later, Mr.360 AB De Villiers of South Africa broke the record of the fastest ODI hundred at New Wanderers stadium, Johannesburg batting against the 		
 into account the strike rate of the quickest ODI century – the recent record of just 31 balls was set by South Africa's AB de Villiers hitting at over 3 runs per ball – could 400 be feasible?  For that to happen, a lot of things would need to go right: short 		
 <s> The 'Shiv Seniks' allegedly marched on stage and threw away a ...Read more >>  MUMBAI – Quinton de Kock, Faf de Plessis and AB de Villiers all scored hundreds as South Africa crushed India's bowling attack to post 438-4 and win the deciding one-day 		
 Payment System show that increases are still ...  This is one area where South Africa need to improve drastically.  AB de Villiers transcends cricketing boundariesAB de Villiers may have scored the most runs, had the highest average and the ... 		
 .  These two team mates are on a hunt for the orange cap this season and there is very less scope for a third name to join in.  AB de Villiers' score of 60 just out of 32 balls is fair enough to assure Royal Challengers that it's no easy lay for anyone to get a break 		
 Perera (69) and Dinesh Chandimal (59) lifted the visitors to 304-5 after the home side reached to 299-7 with skipper AB de Villiers (96) to the fore.  After keeping close to the six-run-an-over target at the De Beers Diamond Oval for much of the innings, 		
 Jamaica) next month, but I don't think I'll be able to go.  "  Besides Gayle, there were solid words of encouragement from AB de Villiers too.  "I told AB, 'I want to become a big player.  ' He told me: "I wasn't half as good as you are at this age.  ' He told me to keep 		
 ," revealed the 27-year-old spunky batsman.  While bowling looked ordinary at best, barring Chris Gayle, Kohli and AB de Villiers the rest of the batsmen, especially the middle order, have been cold at the crease.  September 11, 2001 is a day to be 		
 , and settles into a serial Intervening years.  In great success of the book's original publication in that satisfy  AB de Villiers has been ruled out of the remainder of the Champions League Twenty20 after fracturing a finger on his left hand during a 		
 'A' division match between the Renaissance and NYDT took place at the Municipality 1 ground...  FREEDOM SERIES: AB De Villiers marked his 100th Test with a stroke filled 85 to bolster the score after Virat...  Abu Dhabi: England's consultant of 		
 leash for better part of the innings.  The bowling unit fired in unison as South Africa never recovered once skipper AB de Villiers (30) fell short of his crease with Mohit's accurate throw on top of the stumps sending the destructive player back in the 		
 bowl in the corridor (of uncertainty), swinging it away.  "  Thakur, however, admitted that South Africa's ODI skipper AB de Villiers was totally unfazed.  "He batted very well and did not give us any chance.  "  De Villiers made a superb 112 to rescue the 		
 the end of his career, he remained a go to man when a partnership needed breaking.  Now, Steyn has become that person and AB de Villiers has learnt to use him to suit the situation.  Sometimes that means bowling Steyn sparingly upfront so he can be saved for 		
 ,Wriddhiman Saha,Cheteshwar Pujara,Shikhar Dhawan,Ajinkya Rahane,Varun Aaron,Umesh Yadav Team South Africa:- AB de Villiers ,Dale Steyn,Hashim Amla,Faf du Plessis,Imran Tahir,Dane Vilas ,Vernon Philander ,Dean Elgar,Kagiso Rabada,S van 		
 it is the job of regulators to make sure they fully understand the ... De Villiers' rain-ruined 100th Test ends in draw – AB de Villiers' 100th Test fizzled out into  (JTA) – Moshe Holtzberg, the orphaned son of the Chabad House directors in Mumbai, India, 		
 <s> "I like to throw myself in the middle and try to see how much I can make an impact in that particular game.  Be it Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers anybody.  I look to get them out in the middle.  Once you get them out, the game is going to clear the way," he said.  With eight 		
 batted first and posted 281-5 after the game was reduced to 43 overs per side.  Notable contributions came from captain AB de Villiers , who made an unbeaten 65, whilst Faf du Plessis made 82 and David Miller fell one short of a half-century from only 18 		
 23.  Posted by Sriram Veera on October 31 - 2015  Shradul Thakur removes South Africa's top order in warm-up game before AB de Villiers ton rescues visitors.  On a day where the duo sealed the WTA Year-End No.1 ranking, Sania Mirza-Martina Hingis entered 		
 looks set to miss out as South Africa prepare to face New Zealand at the Cricket World Cup.  South Africa captain AB De Villiers was unwilling to give too much away about selection, but it appears Vernon Philander is set to miss out against New 		
 Pawan Suyal yielded 28 runs for RCB.  The party did not last as Harbhajan Singh bowled Parthiv Patel for 26 and Gayle on 38.  AB de Villiers left for 9, Virat Kohli for 35 and the MI bowlers tightened the screws on the RCB batsmen snatching the momentum back for 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 on 2015-10-29 at 15:27:37  PCI NEWS:- The Indian bowlers had a torrid time against South African batting line-up led by AB de Villiers but senior off-spinner Harbhajan Singh on Wednesday said he enjoyed the challenge as he managed to hold his own for the 		
 skipper Virat Kohli) told me that since South Africa will have three right-handers (Hashim Amla, Faf du Plessis and AB de Villiers ) in their top-order, they wanted a left-arm spinner (Ravindra Jadeja) to go with an off-spinner.  It was really nice of 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 a good start as they achieved to made a good start by the opening pair Hashim Amla and the most dashing batsmen of the world AB de Villiers both played very brilliantly and made the required run rate as they wanted but in the middle the Indian team come back as 		
 be very difficult for India to beat in-form South African team.  Hashim Amla will lead South Africa in the Test series.  AB de Villiers , who scored 3 centuries in 5-match ODI series, will be playing as a batsman.  The Indian team is under a lot of pressure for 		
 .  Among the Indian bowlers, Harbhajan Singh ended with three for 53 while Patel took two for 65 and Khan got one for 43.  AB de Villiers (48) and Jean-Paul Duminy (19) were at the crease, with South Africa requiring to score 79 in 10 overs for a win with seven 		
 took 5 for 23 to dismiss hosts for a paltry 76 runs in just 20 overs before lunch on the opening day.  If it wasn't enough, AB de Villiers (217) and Jacques Kallis (132) made sure India had no hopes of making a comeback as South Africa posted 474 runs.  South 		
 ), Rangana Herath (eighth), Abdur Rehman (14th) and Junaid Khan (17th).  For South Africa and Zimbabwe, South Africa's AB de Villiers (first) and Hashim Amla (third) are the top-ranked batsmen expected to be seen in action, while Faf du Plessis (18th) is 		
 contained 12 fours – helped his team avoid a follow on.  South Africa, resuming on its overnight score of 98 for 3, lost AB de Villiers (37) and Quinton de Kock for a duck in the space of three balls in the morning session.  Amla and de Villiers had started 		
 is on a high.  The most significant part of the team is the strong opening order of the team.  With Kohli, Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers taking care of the opening order play of the team there is no worry about the weaker middle order.  However there is a need 		
 let slip the advantage to slump to the loss.  South Africa scored 303/5, thanks to a blistering unbeaten 104 by skipper AB de Villiers .  India's response was equally strong but they botched up at the end.  After the T20 series and first ODI loss, India 		
 wickets in the last over and defended 11 runs under pressure, will be raring to prove himself in the second match also.  AB de Villiers will again pose a big threat to the opposition and it will be a huge challenge for the Indian bowlers to get rid of the South 		
 game.  Experienced duo JP Duminy and Faf du Plessis looked in fine touch, and it is difficult to imagine a series in which AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla will not contribute heavily with the bat, given the former's encouraging form when playing for the 		
 African cricketers.  "Shocking news about Corrie Sanders' death, gonna miss u Corras," tweeted the team's captain, AB de Villiers , while paceman, Albie Morkel, said it dampened the joy of their win over the hosts.  "Went to bed as a happy man last night 		
 shared in partnerships of 144 for the second wicket with Jacques Kallis (72) and 91 for the third wicket with new captain AB de Villiers (52).  It was always likely to be a tough target for Sri Lanka to chase but their hopes were dashed almost immediately as 		
 Africa's greatest sporting heroes.  Featuring the varied and very human stories of 13 icons of our time, including AB de Villiers , Ryan Sandes, 'Beast' Mtawarira, and Bridgitte Hartley, the book shows that it takes far more than natural talent to 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 composure personified until he was deceived by a beauty from Ashwin that sneaked through the gap between bat and pad.  AB de Villiers made the most of a second opportunity, scoring 63 off 83 balls.  He was out off a no-ball on seven and like every good player 		
 soil in 15 years – and gave themselves a chance by bowling India out cheaply for a second time.  South Africa's key man AB de Villiers was bowled by Amit Mishra for 16  The Proteas' bowling attack was lacking injured paceman Dale Steyn, off the field with a 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 India crumbled under pressure to end at 298 for seven.  Rohit's eighth ton in ODIs ended in a losing cause and it came after AB de Villiers's unbeaten 104 off 73 balls that propelled South Africa to 303 for five, the highest score at this venue surpassing 294 		
 if you watch cearfully he changes his trigger movement from ball to ball.  ( he watches a lot of cricket on TV)  That kid is an AB De Villiers fan. he plays just like him.  young guy and his front foot shots – The guy is playing the ball inside out...notice his bat at 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 just 16 when he became India's youngest Test cricketer.  Mahender Singh Dhoni with Sakshi Dhoni and her daughter Ziva.  AB De Villiers is the best batsman of this generation after Sachin Tendulkar.  This time, we are more concerned with the legacy of 		
 thanks to its space-saving design, familiar layout, 3-year battery life, and the web and growing media sizzling keys.  AB de Villiers (107 n.o.) and debutant spinner Imran Tahir (4/41) led the charge as South Africa thrashed West Indies by seven wickets 		
 107.  Abbott picked up his eighth of the match when Farhat (43) slashed at a wide delivery and was caught by wicketkeeper AB de Villiers .  Captain Misbah-ul-Haq (5) became Rory Kleinveldt's first wicket of the game when he got a thin edge to a ball. </s> 		
 in the third Test against South Africa at Newlands.  The batsmen ran three and gained four extra runs when wicketkeeper AB de Villiers shied at the stumps at the bowler's end and the ball went to the boundary.  According to South African statistician 		
 statistician Andrew Samson, this was the first occasion in Test history when a batsman's first runs were a seven.  AB de Villiers stars for South Africa against West Indies 0:47  A stunning AB de Villiers century has South Africa in a strong position 		
 when a batsman's first runs were a seven.  AB de Villiers stars for South Africa against West Indies 0:47  A stunning AB de Villiers century has South Africa in a strong position in the third Test against the West Indies.  Brathwaite was eventually 		
 gears when captain Hashim Amla was caught behind and Temba Bavuma followed soon after the second new ball was taken.  AB de Villiers raises his bat after reaching a century in Cape Town.  Source: AFP  He accelerated again on either side of lunch as South 		
 losing subscribers, pushing Sirius shares down as much as 8% in early-morning trading.  How does this apply to Iraq?  But AB de Villiers was in commanding form and his unbeaten 70 from 76 balls provided the backbone of the South African innings despite the 		
 15 overs.  Vijay was lucky to get a reprieve on a personal score of 10 when he nicked an outgoing delivery from Abott to AB de Villiers at second slip which was adjudged to be a no-ball.  The Tamil Nadu batsman suffered a nasty blow when he was surprised by 		
 Dale Steyn due to a side strain.  South Africa replied with 305 all out following a defiant century stand between skipper AB de Villiers and pinch-hitter Robin Peterson for the third wicket.  De Villiers hit 70 off 71 balls, his sixth half-century in the 		
 Sharma, Yuvraj Singh, Chris Gayle, Brendon McCullum, Gautam Gambhir, Dale Steyn, David Warner, Kevin Pietersen and AB de Villiers should draw the biggest bucks.  It's just the way you are.  ' who, karen millen ?' me!  Look, ray ban , it's nothing to worry 		
 of decent work can be a way forward.  Before I start of this article one relevant question to all cricket enthusiasts.  Is Ab De Villiers from "Planet Earth"?  ICC would certainly need to redefine the cricket manual or there should be a disclaimer put up: " 		
 a disclaimer put up: " Please don't try this at home ." West Indies would be sick of falling prey to South Africa and mainly Ab de Villiers .As if the South African sojourn wasn't enough De Villiers has come back to haunt them again . Ab De Villiers is the new " 		
 and mainly Ab de Villiers .As if the South African sojourn wasn't enough De Villiers has come back to haunt them again . Ab De Villiers is the new "Jaadoo" of Koi Mil Gaya for South Africa.  He should surely start thinking of inventing new adjectives now as I 		
 GREAT.  THE GREATEST OF THESE VALUES...  Asia Pacific Defence Reporter -  off match in final session to win by 337 runs • AB de Villiers fell for 43 after batting through pain India overcame South Africa's dogged resistance in the final session to beat 		
 three consecutive League Championships and contesting six Cup Finals.  As a sports agent he represented Graeme Smith, AB de Villiers , Dale Steyn and Jean de Villiers.  He also headed Supersport's African Football League broadcast strategy.  He has a 		
 clients, that is–will be happy.  South Africa finished with 438 – 4 (50 overs), with Faf Du Plessis scoring 133 runs, AB de Villiers scoring 119 runs, and Quinton de Kock scoring 109 runs.  India ended on 224 runs in 35.5 overs.  Ajinkya Rahane scored 87 		
 looked in supreme touch in his short stay hit three boundaries in his knock of 16 off 9 balls.  However it was the brilliant AB De Villiers who went on a rampage making batting look so easy and turning even the good balls in to runs.  AB hit a lovely reverse sweep 		
 " crossed by negotiators.  "It's what we expected," the author and...  might not care who wins or loses.  But if you have AB de Villiers on your fantasy team, you will watch any match of his to monitor his performance," explains Jain.  There is potential for 		
 claimed three wickets for 20 runs, completed the rout with wickets off his last two balls.  Earlier, Quinton de Kock and AB de Villiers put 95 runs for South Africa in the opening stand after du Plessis won the toss and elected to bat.  De Kock top-scored with 		
 Guptill, Daniel Vettori – three Australians in Glenn Maxwell, Steven Smith and Mitchell Starc, two South Africans ( AB de Villiers and Morne Morkel), with Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara as wicketkeeper-batsman.  Zimbabwe's Brendan Taylor, who 		
 the year announced on Wednesday.  England skipper Alastair Cook was named captain of the test side while South Africa's AB de Villiers was put in charge of the one-day team by a special  Eden Hazard was denied his first Premier League goal of the season by 		
 felt that Virat Kohli led team is a strong outfit and the team to beat.  Besides Virat himself they have the magician in AB De Villiers .  I think he will be the main man to get.  Our confidence is in the healthy range after the win against Mumbai Indians.  It is 		
 , South Africa South Africa won toss and decided to bat South Africa: Morne van Wyk, Hashim Amla, Rilee Rossouw, AB de Villiers (capt), David Miller, Farhaan Behardien, David Wiese, Vernon Philander, Dale Steyn, Aaron Phangiso, Imran Tahir New 		
 to give Saurabh Tiwary some game time, before we get to the playoffs," he said.  Tillekaratne Dilshan run out (Thomas) 53  AB de Villiers not out 9 4 0 1 225.00  Uggs on sale fߋr women chеap Following ςheckin, Rick and Lynn stick to a buffet dinner of pork ɑnd 		
 ]  ESPNcricinfo.comSouth Africa could feel short-changed in overcast conditionsESPNcricinfo.comNonetheless, AB de Villiers said South Africa were "expecting turning wickets, wherever we go.  I'm prepared for any kind of Bangalore wicket.  We 		
 misses and the ball hits his off stump, the stumps are upright but the bails go flying 225/8  View profile View hawkeye x AB de Villiers b Jadeja 25 23 4 0 108.69 19.1 83.4 kph, Jadeja deceives him with the arm ball, de Villiers makes room to smash that through 		
 in that shot but didn't get the elevation he wanted there, low full toss on the off, ends up drilling it straight to AB de Villiers who's at the edge of the circle at extra cover 300/3  View profile View hawkeye x South Africa innings (target: 402 runs 		
 and hence it's a no-ball.  Well done all round, Ian Gould 273/9  ODI debuts A Mithun and M Vijay (India) Player of the match AB de Villiers (South Africa) Player of the series SR Tendulkar (India)  Chevy gives sneak peek of all-new Volt electric at CES  The 		
 good up till now – especially against Royal Challengers Bangalore when Chris Lynn emerged as the game changer by taking AB de Villiers at the moment when RCB were standing just on the verge of victory at Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium on April 25.  The 		
 South Africa last fielded so badly.  Dhawan celebrates after reaching his century.  It started much better, though.  AB de Villiers sent Rohit Sharma back for a duck with a direct hit from extra cover.  India deserve all the credit for not panicking when 		
 us to continue our support of them," said Rebeca Trevino, program manager.  Quinton de Kock, the wicketkeeper, and AB de Villiers , the captain, hit aggressive hundreds to carry South Africa to an 82-run win over Sri Lanka in the third and final 		
 before diving forward to hand Morkel his third wicket.  Niroshan Dickwella, the debutant, then top edged Steyn to AB de Villiers , and Tahir castled Dilruwan Perera before Morkel sent back Herath, prompting Mathews to declare the innings.  Morkel 		
 in a rain-marred first session where only 17 runs were scored in seven overs.  In the second session, Herath bowled AB de Villiers after picking up de Kock (37).  At tea, South Africa looked steady with Amla and du Plessis at 104 for 4, but Sri Lanka's 		
 !!  Congrats on scaring the life out of every batsmen around the world mate, it was great.  "  South Africa one-day captain AB de Villiers : "Incredible athlete!  Congrats on a magnificent career.  "  Former England captain Michael Vaughan: "All the England 		
 Friday in response to Australia's imposing  Mohali: Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin's five-wicket haul trumped AB de Villiers' gritty half-century as India grabbed a narrow 17-run lead after dismissing  New Delhi: With just a day to go to the 		
 for South Africa's "unexpected" semi-final exit from the World Cup that they deserved to win.  Imageries of Ab de Villiers shedding...  Giles Clarke, the chairman of England and Wales Cricket board has come forward to help the homeless South 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna . Jan Dhan Yojana Makes Its Mark In Guinness Book Of World Records  South Africa's AB de Villiers hit the fastest century in one-day internationals against the West Indies in Johannesburg.  The 30-year-old South 		
 Herath, while Muttiah Muralitharan and Anil Kumble haven't dismissed him once in 380 balls.  Along with Amla and AB de Villiers , Cook is clearly one of the best overseas batsmen to have ever played in Asia.  All three have remarkably similar numbers 		
 soon return  JOHANNESBURG. – It's World Cup season and he will cry whoa if it should stay fresh for that.  So says AB de Villiers , probably one of the team's most valuable players in their quest for a first world title.  De Villiers has underlined his 		
 as poor form is just a passing phase, said Cheteshwar Pujara Read More..  The Mr. Nice Guy image is something that AB de Villiers is not too particularly focussed on building Read More..  In a festive country ruled by the willow, it is startling to 		
 relatively unlucky in the World Cup history, were expected to get rid of the 'chokers' tag under the reigns of pragmatic AB de Villiers this time around.  But the team, who displayed strong performances ahead of the tournament, cracked under pressure 		
 and arguably one of the most deadly bowling attacks in the world of cricket.  But, their never-ending dependency on AB de Villiers and Dale Steyn has often led to their downfall in the tournament.  The Proteas will have to be at their prolific best if 		
 to sneak past the experienced Sri Lankan side in the quarterfinals.  Top Batsman: The South African batting sensation AB de Villiers has been the major driving force behind his team's success in the tournament.  The Proteas captain has amassed 417 runs 		
 <s> In March 2009, he played against New Zealand in Hamilton and scored 125* runs in which 14 fours and 6 sixes were included.  AB de Villiers is a South African player.  He played against India in Ahmedabad in February 2010.  With the help of 11 fours and 3 sixes, he 		
 hundreds jointly held by the pair of Pakistan and Saeed Anwar Zaheer Abbas, the South African Herschelle Gibbs trio, AB de Villiers and Quinton de Kock and New Zealand Ross Taylor.  Earlier, Sangakkara became the second batsman after Sachin Tendulkar 		
 in the first ODI in Kanpur on Sunday for his sensational bowling in the 50th over under pressure, Earlier in the day, AB de Villiers , who [url=http://www.coachoutletbuy.us.com/]Coach Outlet[/url] crack [url= 		
 , Graeme Smith, along with Alviro Petersen, Jacques Kallis, Faf du Plessis Dale Steyn, Imran Tahir, Morne Morkel AB de Villiers , Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Imran Tahir, and Vernon Philander.  The Indian side is made up of the captain, Mahendra Singh 		
 (4/22) helped Kolkata Knight Riders restrict Royal Challengers Bangalore to 115/9.  Gayle was out cheaply for 33 while AB de Villiers struck 28.  Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli (17) also failed to make an impression and his stumps were knocked out by 		
 knocked out by Kallis.  Opener Chris Gayle topscored for RCB with 33, made off 36 balls with one six and one four, while AB de Villiers made 28 off 22 balls, also with one six and a four.  The others who got into double figures included skipper Virat Kohli (17 		
 .  The visiting line-up is full of hard-hitters such as skipper Faf du Plessis and one of the most ferocious hitters in AB de Villiers .  They have the ability to blast any attack in the world.  Then there is the ever-dependable Hashim Amla, dangerous David 		
 .  In spite of the fact that Rossouw did not get an amusement, offering the changing area to any semblance of Ray Jennings, AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli would have honed his strategic nous.  JKC is a prestigious programme of the State Government to make 		
 about community services.  come to the 7th Annual Poughkeepsie 's La Guelaguetza , a festival of cultural sharing  AB De Villiers ; who has been amazing through out the tournament along with Brendon McCullum left the audience i.e; the neutral fans of 		
 from 10 June to 10 July 2016 in France.  (Croacia, España, Francia...  on their home turf He has singled out Dale Steyn and AB de Villiers as exceptional talents Broad admits it will be strange touring without Ian Bell, but has backed others to step up and be 		
 manuscript of Andre Breton's surrealist masterpiec...  when he ran the rule over the selectors' decision to restore AB de Villiers to the wicketkeeping position for the first two tests against England, while relegating Quinton de Kock and Dane Vilas 		
 the regulator relaxed the conditions of their operations...  to come out fighting in this series.  In Dale Steyn and AB de Villiers , they possess the world's best bowler and batsman of their generations and we are going to have to be absolutely on top of 		
 be replaced in both the Test and one-day  Ravindra Jadeja finally broke the epic partnership between Hashim Amla and AB de Villiers by cleaning up Amla for 25.  However, de Villiers continued to defy India.  Catch all the live cricket scores and live 		
 from 5-2 down in the [...]  Kane Williamson of New Zealand and Australia's David Warner have number-one ranked AB de Villiers firmly within their sights after achieving career-best rankings in the latest ICC Test Player Rankings on Wednesday. </s> 		
 .  " South Africa have separate captains for all three formats, with Faf du Plessis leading them in Twenty20 cricket, AB de Villiers in one-day internationals and Hashim Amla in Tests.  Du Plessis insisted the arrangement worked perfectly for the 		
 Johannesburg, on Wednesday.  The South African squad, which includes skipper Graeme Smith, Hashim Amla, all-rounder AB de Villiers , JP Duminy, Faf du Plessis, D Elgar, I Tahir, J Kallis, R Kleinveldt, M Morkel, A Petersen, R Peterson, T Tsolekile, V 		
 making a start.  Source: Getty Images  Harmer fired the ball down the leg side and Chanderpaul was smartly stumped by AB de Villiers .  Chanderpaul was out for nine – his fourth successive failure in a series in which he has scored only 41 runs in four 		
 record breaking weekend of sports and we've got all the details!  South African One Day International cricket captain, AB de Villiers shattered several records and his team gave the team of the West Indies a thorough hiding.  Lionel Messi set a personal 		
 the aggressor in the Aussie camp, rubbing a whole bunch of opponents – from Joe Root to Virat Kohli, Jonathan Trott to AB de Villiers – the wrong way.  Time Warner Cable tests replacing your cable box with a Roku  Time Warner Cable doesn't want to lose cord 		
 sense of national awareness.  4.  Who was named the ODI Cricketer of the Year at ICC annual Awards?  Ans- South Africa's AB de Villiers  5.  High Level Committee on Review of Environmental Laws ..........submitted its report to Union Ministry for 		
 pace nicely for England 124/4  EJG Morgan c de Villiers b Langeveldt 21 20 14 3 0 150.00 18.1 130.2 kph, wonderful take from AB de Villiers , diving towards the rope at cow corner, and that's an invaluable breakthrough!  Langeveldt pitched it up from round the 		
 at short fine leg.  A skied slog, spiralling off a leading edge, and a superbly judged take, running back and across 34/2  AB de Villiers c Collingwood b Swann 5 15 9 0 0 55.55 9.5 84.4 kph, this is now officially a procession.  A loose mow across the line, a big 		
 to test after two years in April 2008 against South Africa, where he took 2/66 (wickets of opener Neil McKenzie and AB de Villiers ), but bowled only four wicketless overs in the second innings.  In 2009, Chawla signed for Sussex County Cricket Club 		
 a gripping encounter on Sunday.  Hashim Amla's century including eight boundaries along with excellent support from AB de Villiers helped South Africa to a comfortable 75-run win in the first ODI against Sri Lanka on Sunday in Colombo.  The first of its 		
 Cricket Council (ICC) Awards also includes Australia's Michael Clarke, England's Alastair Cook and South Africa's AB de Villiers .  Fans can decide the winner by voting for their favourite player either via www.lgiccawards.com or via Twitter using 		
 blockhole and Smith, dragged down to deep backward square-leg but he can't beat Praveen Kumar's accurate throw. 118/2  AB de Villiers c Chawla b Nehra 31 15 1 3 206.66 19.4 low swinging full toss and AB carves it to left of long-on where Piyush takes a good 		
 du Plessis scored 24 runs of 14 balls, keeping the batting pace up but had to depart soon when Logan van Beek caught him.  AB de Villiers , who is popular across the world for his destructive batting, was able to make 21 runs of 21 balls.  A Morkel (5 runs of 11 		
 them to a first semi-final since a famous defeat by Australia in 1999.  In reaching their target with 32 overs to spare, AB de Villiers' side also completed the fastest successful run chase in a World Cup knockout match as Sri Lanka, finalists in the 		
 to hand India the initiative.  He (5-51) was assisted by fellow tweakers Ravindra Jadeja (3-55) and Amit Mishra (2-55).  AB de Villiers (63) was the top scorer for the visitors in the first innings, in reply to India's 201.  Alias began airing on the ABC 		
 By admin On June 6, 2014  JOHANNESBURG. – It's World Cup season and he will cry whoa if it should stay fresh for that.  So says AB de Villiers , probably one of the team's most valuable players in their quest for a first world title.  De Villiers has underlined his 		
 Breakthrough Performance 2008: B McCullum (KKR); Best Breakthrough Performance 2009: A Kumble (RCB); Best Fielder: AB de Villiers (DD); Best Ground: M Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru; Best Stadium Experience: DY Patil Stadium, Navi Mumbai 		
