 the MAK Pataudi Memorial lecture in Kolkata on November 12, 2014? 1) Sourav Ganguly 2) VVS Laxman 3) Sachin Tendulkar 4) Rahul Dravid 5) Sunil Gavaskar  3.  The two-day G20 Summit was held in which of the following cities in November 2014? 1) Perth 2) 
 at least a 2-in-3 probability that climate extremes have already worsened because of man-made greenhouse gases.  When Rahul Dravid was playing for Team India, he hardly used to laugh.  He was considered as an extremely serious guy who concentrates very 
 quite refreshed and doesn't look so much tensed as he used to do in his playing days.  Recently, in an interview, when Rahul Dravid was asked whether he would like to be the coach of Team India in the future, he didn't deny that.  He said that he might come 
 had never forced him for anything.  Meanwhile, the Board for Control of Cricket in India (BCCI) has nominated the name of Rahul Dravid for the prestigious Khel Ratna award.  The CAO of BCCI, Professor Ratnakar Shetty has given this information to the 
 the prestigious Khel Ratna award.  The CAO of BCCI, Professor Ratnakar Shetty has given this information to the media.  Rahul Dravid is one of the greatest players who have ever played for India.  He made more than 10,000 runs in both the tests and One Day 
 for India.  He made more than 10,000 runs in both the tests and One Day Internationals.  With the kind of record that he has, Rahul Dravid certainly deserves this prestigious Khel Ratna Award.  U.S. spy agencies have built an intelligence-gathering 
 Govind Chandra Pande is awarded the Saraswati Samman for 2003 for his poetic work Bhagirathi.  * September 8 Rahul Dravid is awarded the International Cricket Council (ICC) Player of the Year award.  Dravid was also named the Test Player of 
 of the two on show – the same one that was used for the game against Chennai.  Of course, the opening pair of Shane Watson and Rahul Dravid added 73 for the first wicket in less than 10 overs and it looked fine.  However, as in the past, the middle order has 
 15 matches and are in a must-win situation in their last match against Chennai Super Kings.  James Faulkner gave skipper Rahul Dravid something to smile with a dream spell, claiming five for 16 as Rajasthan Royals restricted Sunrisers Hyderabad to 136 
 two run outs in the final over.  Karan Sharma run out (Binny/Sachin Baby/Cooper) 4  Amit Mishra run out (Cooper) 0  Rahul Dravid run out (White) 25  Biplab Samantray topscored for the hosts with 55, which came off 46 balls with the help of a six and six 
 Chavan -- were arrested by the Delhi Police yesterday for allegedly indulging in spot-fixing.  But Rajasthan skipper Rahul Dravid told newspersons in a statement yesterday that the team would not allow the adversity to affect its performance and it 
 have eight wins so far, but Sunrisers have one more match to go after today's enagement.  Rajasthan Royals (RR) skipper Rahul Dravid today said he was shocked and distressed by the arrest by the Delhi Police of three of his teammates -- S Sreesanth, Ajit 
 like to comment about crowd behaviour with Indian players in Kolkata.  They booed players, applouds the dismissal of Rahul Dravid .  Not at all a healthy sign.  Our players are heavily critisised in our own home grounds, they didnt feel like playing in 
 that has marked him out as one of India's most promising future batsman.  He is now considered the right replacement for Rahul Dravid at the one-drop position though it is quite possible that he may be shifted to the middle order in the event of his finding 
 and inspiring leader for KPMG and our people,Jordan 6 Infrared 23, West Indies opener Chris Gayle (five) and India's Rahul Dravid (five) - were among the most influential batsmen of his era.  He just plugged away, The 21-year-old smashed 34 fours and 
 of Delhi would come forward with great enthusiasm to participate in this delectably enriching experience.    Mr. Rahul Dravid , legendary cricketer says, At the outset, I would like to congratulate the SAAG team for hosting the Food for Thought 
 University of Milan and the International School for Advanced Studies.  He has been a visiting fellow at [...]  Skipper Rahul Dravid , who opened the innings, was batting on 27 and Shane Watson on 31 at the half-way mark.  The wicket to fall was that of 
 to an air-conditioned city.   To convey this message to citizens, cricketer Javagal Srinath has joined Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid and Robin Uthappa in spearheading Green Wicket, a campaign to make students more conscious about waste segregation, 
 and first-class cricket.  He appeared in the 2012 Indian Premier League as captain of the Rajasthan Royals.  [ 11 ]  Rahul Dravid , along with Glenn McGrath were honoured during the seventh annual Bradman Awards function in Sydney on 1 November 2012 
 .  [ 12 ] Dravid has also been honoured with the Padma Bhushan award, India's third highest civilian award.  [ 13 ]  In 2014, Rahul Dravid joined the GoSports Foundation , Bangalore as a member of their board of advisors.  In collaboration with GoSports 
 .  In collaboration with GoSports Foundation he is mentoring India's future Olympians and Paralympians as part of the Rahul Dravid Athlete Mentorship Programme.  [ 14 ] Indian badmiton player Prannoy Kumar, Para-swimmer Sharath Gayakwad and young 
 Sharath Gayakwad and young Golfer Chikkarangappa S. was part of the initial group of athletes to be mentored by Rahul Dravid .  Rahul Dravid at GQ Men of the Year 2012 Awards  11 January 1973 (age 41) Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India  The Wall, Jammy, 
 Gayakwad and young Golfer Chikkarangappa S. was part of the initial group of athletes to be mentored by Rahul Dravid.  Rahul Dravid at GQ Men of the Year 2012 Awards  11 January 1973 (age 41) Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India  The Wall, Jammy, Mr. Dependable  
 in the series was met with widespread admiration and was hailed by some as one of his finest ever series [ 142 ] [ 143 ]  Rahul Dravid was dropped from the ODI team in 2009, but was selected again for an ODI series in England in 2011, surprising even Dravid 
 for the MCC side in the Bicentenary Celebration match at Lord's . [ 150 ]  RS Dravid's record in Twenty20 matches [ 151 ]  Rahul Dravid played for Royal Challengers Bangalore in IPL 2008,2009 and 2010.  Later he played for Rajasthan Royals and led it to 
 first innings was declared at a point when Sachin Tendulkar was at 194 runs with 16 overs remaining on Day 2.  [ 169 ] Rahul Dravid has had a mixed record when leading India in Tests.  India lost the Karachi Test in 2006, giving Pakistan the series 1–0.  
 by opposition in Tests [ 173 ]  Table: Results by opposition in ODIs [ 174 ] [ 175 ]  Two biographies have been written on Rahul Dravid and his career:  The Nice Guy Who Finished First written by Devendra Prabhudesai.  Publisher: Rupa Publications . Date: 
 and interviews related to Dravid was released by ESPNcricinfo following his retirement.  The book was titled Rahul Dravid : Timeless Steel .  Bank of Baroda: 2005 – present [ 184 ]  World Trade Center Noida : 2013- present [ 191 ]  Global thought 
 is driven by team efforts.  There is no single name that can be accounted for their wins or losses.  This team led by thinker Rahul Dravid has shown their best play after many IPL seasons.  The Captaincy of Dravid has worked out pretty well for them and the team 
 the man of consistent performance Ajinkya Rahane has made an impression on the fans scoring 226 runs out of 7 innings.  Rahul Dravid is the name that is really important in this match as Hyderabad spinners will be on a hunt for wickets.  Brad Hodge and 
 the help of three sixes and six fours.  Uthappa added 58 runs for the first wicket with Finch before he was caught behind by Rahul Dravid off James Faulkner in the fifth over.  Earlier, skipper Dravid led from the front as Rajasthan Royals posted 145 for five 
 come off...  We need to look to keep improving, look to forget this match and kick on, he said.  Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid in action against the Pune Warriors India at Pune on April 11, 2013.  Photo by Vipin Pawar-IPL-SPORTZPICS  Opener Kusal 
 with Hersheys kisses and adorned with a special thank you message.  India (possible): 1 M Vijay, , 2 Virender Sehwag, 3 Rahul Dravid , 4 Sachin Tendulkar, 5 VVS Laxman, 6 Yuvraj Singh, 7 MS Dhoni (capt and wk), 8 Ishant Sharma, 9 Abhimanyu Mithun, 10 and 11 
 Test runs.  The series was a batter's delight and a bowler's nightmare.  The First Test at Ahmedabad was drawn.  India 426 ( Rahul Dravid 177) and 412 ( Gautam Gambhir 114, Sachin Tendulkar 100 not out)-4 at close.  Sri Lanka 760 ( Till Dilshan 112, Mahela 
 154 not out) -7 dec.  At Kanpur, India won by an innings and 144 runs.  India 642 ( Gautam Gambhir 167, Virender Sehway 131, Rahul Dravid 144) Sri Lanka 229 and 269.  India claimed series victory at Mumbai, in the third and final Test with an impressive 
 in the first place.  Same is the case with the cricket books also.  While we are totally inclined to read Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Kevin Pietersen or Yuvraj Singh, rarely do we remember a Zaheer Khan or a Shaun Pollock.  This book, to me, sounded like 
 their hotel at 09:30 a.m. IST.  Read Full Story   NEW DELHI: Cheteshwar Pujara, who was once touted as the replacement for Rahul Dravid at No. 3 in Tests, was expected to make a comeback to the Indian team for the one-off Test against Bangladesh but the 
 National Stadium, the rains lashed the ground again.  Virender Sehwag chipped in with 30 (21 balls, 4x4s) and captain Rahul Dravid made 22.  Although Yuvraj Singh managed only one with the bat, he gave admirable support to Dhoni's as runner.  Dhoni was 
 or the criminals who kill them for money?  United for Wildlife is also supported by David Beckham, Lewis Hamilton, Rahul Dravid , Francois Pienaar and Yao Ming.  These ambassadors have pledged to raise awar...  New York State Makes History: Sends 
 Parida says.  The new edition has takes on the Amul campaign by the likes of Amitabh Bachchan, Shyam Benegal, Shobhaa De, Rahul Dravid , Sania Mirza and Harsha Bhogle among others.  There is a special section called Starstruck which mentions about 
 be looking forward to get some extra points from this match.  But Kings XI may not prove to be an easy target and Captain Rahul Dravid needs to define a strategy for his team.  In the opening order Rahul Dravid and Ajinkya Rahane are the perfect starters 
 XI may not prove to be an easy target and Captain Rahul Dravid needs to define a strategy for his team.  In the opening order Rahul Dravid and Ajinkya Rahane are the perfect starters while Stuart Binny and Shane Watson perform well in the last overs.  
 Indies on 20-1 – needing another 204 to win with two days left.  The 22-year-old Brathwaite had just one wicket, that of Rahul Dravid , in his previous 23 Tests.  The performance was the best by a West Indian in Sri Lanka.  He was well backed up by outstanding 
 opener's spot following consistent performances in domestic cricket and many, including former India captain Rahul Dravid had backed his selection.  The 22-year-old Karnataka batsman was the second-highest run-getter in the 2013-14 
 impressive 10-over spell.  In a side with as many as eight changes to the one that beat Bangladesh handsomely yesterday, Rahul Dravid's wards lived up to the head coach's expectation as they again dominated the proceedings from the onset.  Electing to bat, 
 a testing time as cricket captain of Rajasthan Royals once the spot-fixing scandal bust 2 seasons past, team mentor Rahul Dravid these days necessitated stricter laws, even criminal, to be place in situ by the country's lawmakers to wear down this 
 or so we are led to believe.  PK Deb, the sports secretary, says he has lost count of the...  Read More  Former Indian captain Rahul Dravid today said that cricket's influence in his life was such that the game made him a better person.  One and half years after 
 active players, and on the all-time list, only Sachin Tendulkar (51), Jacques Kallis (45), Ricky Ponting (41) and Rahul Dravid (36) are ahead of him.  Sangakkara resurrected Sri Lanka's innings with Mahela Jayawardene after it had been reduced to 
 on 5 July.  The MCC will be managed by its president Mike Gatting and include Tendulkar's former India team-mate Rahul Dravid .  Ex- South Africa skipper Shaun Pollock will oversee the Rest of the World.  England Women's captain Charlotte Edwards 
 was the academy established by the Tamil Nadu opening batsman V B Chandrasekhar in Chennai in 1997.  Recent stars like Rahul Dravid , Sourav Ganguly and Ashish Nehra too have lent their wisdom at camps started by various academies.  One would have 
 .  Previously I had worked with Edupristine , started and failed a company , left PhD program in midway.  I am big fan of Rahul Dravid and have practically stopped following cricket after his retirement.  I also follow anything related to Lord of the 
 20th 1996 - two young Indian cricketers were handed over the Indian Test cap for the very first time.  Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid replaced Navjot Sidhu and Sanjay Manjrekar in the XI at Lord's against England.  Indian cricket would never be the same.  
 leaders sell themselves, and the country, short at the Oval.  After piling up a lead of 319 in the first innings, Rahul Dravid declined to enforce the follow-on against a demoralised and all-but-beaten England team.  Dravid, a man I used to 
 investment in the African country of Sudan.  In at number 8 is one of the greatest batsmen ever to play the game- Rahul Dravid .  You might be a bit surprised to see Rahul Dravid at number 8 considering that his contemporaries are ranked in the top 
 Sudan.  In at number 8 is one of the greatest batsmen ever to play the game- Rahul Dravid.  You might be a bit surprised to see Rahul Dravid at number 8 considering that his contemporaries are ranked in the top end of the list but you need to realise that Dravid 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 out for a measely score of 193 runs.  India in turn, piled of a mammoth 566 for 8 declared which was studded by 191 runs by Rahul Dravid , 98 runs by Dhoni and the New Zealanders had an uphill task of scoring 373 runs in their second innings, and they failed 
 Rosberg to set the overall pace on day one in Bahrain More   They are back again, and like creaking terminators, to borrow Rahul Dravid's words from the Bradman oration.  Over the last couple of seasons, you might have thought many times that you had seen the 
 , Adam Gilchrist, pushing 41, Muttiah Muralitharan, touching 40, and India's own troika of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Sourav Ganguly, all closing in on 40, are set to strut their stuff one more time.  They may not have someone like Hurley 
 , here's a loose yet telling stat.  In his career spanning over 16 years, which included 164 Test matches and 344 ODIs, Rahul Dravid earned more or less the same amount through match fees as the likes of Yusuf Pathan, Robin Uthappa and Ravindra Jadeja 
 as of ODI and Test Cricket as a captain.  In 2007 he got appointed to be the ODI captain, a position which before was held by Rahul Dravid .  During the time when he served as the captain of this team, he led it to win the bilateral ODI series against the New 
 Business Park (KHBP) has long been a crucial part of Jordan's plan to become a regional technology center.  The...  Rahul Dravid said that he is 'looking forward' to coach India 'A.  ' (Source: PTI) Former captain Rahul Dravid on Friday said he was 
 center.  The...  Rahul Dravid said that he is 'looking forward' to coach India 'A.  ' (Source: PTI) Former captain Rahul Dravid on Friday said he was looking forward to coaching the India A team and called it a very good platform.  Dravid was last 
 (7 not out) took the Knights home safely without much damage.  After opting to bat first, Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid (28) and Ajinkya Rahne (19) gave the team a stable start with their 45-run first wicket stand.  But the introduction of 
 their next match face Mumbai Indians in Mumbai while Knight Riders will fly to Bangalore to take on Royal Challengers.  Rahul Dravid run out (Iqbal Abdulla/Bhatia) 26  Ajinkya Rahane run out (Gambhir) 0  Total (all out in 20 overs) 142  Delhi Daredevils 
 series in England remains one of the India's best performances overseas in recent memory and under the captaincy of Rahul Dravid the team responded brilliantly to win the 3 Test series 1-0, thanks to a thumping victory in the second Test at 
 all high scoring draws and so the final Test at Jamaica became the series decider.  On an uneven pitch at Jamaica, captain Rahul Dravid held the team together in both the innings with scores of 81 and 68 in this low scoring game.  India scored 200 in the first 
 Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh who would like to settle down in the line-up after the retirements of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman.  Researching American Oystercatchers on the Nature Coast  Summer's end might be referenced as the 
 Maturely !  Our Products are our Sales Team – Sridhar Iyengar of ManageEngine Tells Techstory  Management Lessons From Rahul Dravid's Cricket Career !  Online Dawai – India's first fully managed e-Healthstore !  Mobile Gaming To Jump Four-Fold By 2019 To 
 was appointed as the captain of the Indian Test cricket team on 8 November 2007.  [ 58 ] He succeeded his state team mate Rahul Dravid , who resigned as the captain in September 2007.  [ 59 ] He is the only leg spinner who have become the captain of the team.  
 of 600 Test wickets.  [ 62 ] Kumble achieved the record just after the tea break when he had Andrew Symonds caught by Rahul Dravid at first slip.  [ 62 ] Kumble's 600 wickets came in 124 matches at an average of 28.68.  Kumble has captured most number of 
 but could not convert 30s and 40s into big knocks.  Pujara is fully aware of the problem, and even discussed the issue with Rahul Dravid and his father, who is his coach as well.  During the Australia tour, I was batting well but I wasn't converting the 
 the time; they got the wickets whenever there was change in the attack.  They paid the price for resting in-form batsmen Rahul Dravid and Johan Botha.  Rajasthan Royals were bowled out their innings at 81 runs.  Kolkata Bowlers were on fire and bowled with 
 to strike the ball were the pair of Virender Sehwag and Robin Uthappa.  Yuvraj and Mongia followed.  Then it was the turn of Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar, after which Sourav Ganguly came to the nets.  Bhave said the best part was batting at the main pitch 
 history.  He has not been with South African team for almost six months and South African could not find his replacement.  Rahul Dravid , who regarded as the wall of India because of his solid defensive batting style, holds the 3rd position on our list of top 
 .  He undoubtedly enjoyed a very successful career full of centuries, fifties, and other extra ordinary innings.  Rahul Dravid scored 13288 runs in 164 test matches.  He has saved many test matches for India and has been termed as backbone of Indian 
 players in the line-up but they have not done well in Bangalore.  India's best players have not done well there with Rahul Dravid being the picture of under-performance at his home rdm.co.za  The Frederic Chopin Museum in Warsaw  The Ostrogoski 
 , 38, intends to continue playing Twenty20 cricket for Sydney Thunder and Kolkata Knight Riders.  Former India captain Rahul Dravid , speaking on the BBC's Test Match Special, said Kallis was the Garry Sobers of our generation.  Kallis made his 
 Award for Cricketer of the Year for 2011-12? 1) Ravindra Jadeja 2) Gautam Gambhir 3) Yuvraj Singh 4) Virat Kohli 5) Rahul Dravid  9.  Who was elected President of the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) in November 2012? 1) K.  P.  S.  Gill 2) V.  Dinesh Reddy 3) 
 reaction to an outstanding achievement.  Among Indian batsmen, only Vijay Hazare, Sunil Gavaskar (three times), Rahul Dravid (twice) and Kohli had made hundreds in both innings of a Test match before Rahane.  The Future of the Nuclear Suppliers 
 has picked 27 wickets so far in the ongoing tournament.  Inspite of a number of performers including Shane Watson, Rahul Dravid , Ross Taylor, Johan Botha and captain Shane Warne himself, crew was not extremely constant in either batting or 
 .  Cricket is a popular sport in Bangalore.  The soil of this city has fostered many famous cricketers of the country.  From Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble, who have formerly served the Indian cricket team as captains, to other popular household names such as 
 - Steve Waugh.  In one of the most dramatic turnarounds in cricket history India fought back through V V S Laxman (281) and Rahul Dravid (180) and posted a massive 657 in the second innings to give Australia a target of 384 in just over 2 sessions.  The Test 
 a post independent captain of India.  His brothers Surinder Amarnath and Rajinder Amarnath were also cricket players.  Rahul Dravid is a former Indian cricketer and was the captain of the Indian Test and One Day International teams.  Dravid was named one 
 and he understands that,Although this namely outside of our control, saying passengers, Former India batsman Rahul Dravid : It was incredible.  His effort was likewise the fourth maximum score surrounded forever List A cricket - 
 under the captaincy of Shane Warne, they won the title in first edition of this league.  Later, under the captaincy of Rahul Dravid , this team impressed one and all with its exceptional performance making it to the semis.  They have Ajinkya Rahane at 
 investment in the African country of Sudan.  In at number 8 is one of the greatest batsmen ever to play the game- Rahul Dravid .  You might be a bit surprised to see Rahul Dravid at number 8 considering that his contemporaries are ranked in the top 
 Sudan.  In at number 8 is one of the greatest batsmen ever to play the game- Rahul Dravid.  You might be a bit surprised to see Rahul Dravid at number 8 considering that his contemporaries are ranked in the top end of the list but you need to realise that Dravid 
 would stand.  Duncan Fletcher and MS Dhoni went back to discuss it with the team and came back to us, and I got the nod, Rahul Dravid said the Indian team was in unanimous agreement that the decision had to be reversed.  THE FILIPINO DIASPORA IN 
 of the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2008 Rajasthan Royals (RR) will get onto the field without their legendary batsman Rahul Dravid .  However, he is available in the team as the chief mentor of RR.  His counterpart and close friend VVS Laxman is the mentor 
 for Roger Federer to win his 18th Grandslam or secretly wishing to meet some of her real life hero's, Elon Musk and Rahul Dravid . Tennis and Movies are something that can never be enough for her.  She was also bitten by a travelling bug long ago and 
 the Rajasthan Royals team.  Watson certainly has a hard act to follow, since he will be replacing the very popular Rahul Dravid .  Dravid has recently retired from cricket, leaving the position of captain open.  The question that is on everyone's 
 , the average amount spent on gasoline during different time periods.  Published on Saturday 5th September 2015  Rahul Dravid , India's greatest No. 3 in Tests and Ajinkya Rahane came under one roof on Friday to launch The Insider, penned by former 
 the dressing room leaving a teary-eyed Ganguly offering to resign from captaincy.  Unable to see Dada's desperation, Rahul Dravid blurted out that it was an April Fool prank.  Dada picked up a bat and chased all of us out of the dressing room, Yuvraj 
 at Ganguly.  During the 2004 Multan Test, Sachin Tendulkar was 6 runs short of a double century, when stand-in skipper Rahul Dravid declared the Indian innings.  Tendulkar was shocked, hurt and furious.  Inside the dressing room his mates expected a 
 , functionality, and value.  In doing so, we orchestrate and utilize ...  An internationally acclaimed cricket player, Rahul Dravid established himself as the cement that held the foundations of the Indian cricket team, the glue that held the Indian 
 top-scorer in the 1999 Cricket World Cup. • He became the first Indian to score back-to-back centuries in a World Cup. • Rahul Dravid became the first batsman to score a century in every Test playing nation. • Dravid is also the sixth batsman and the third 
 Rampaul picked up two and Jayadev Unadkat and Murli Kartik one apiece.  Vinay Kumar was chosen Man of the Match.  Skipper Rahul Dravid topscored for Rajasthan with 35, made off 31 balls with the help of five fours, while Stuart Binny livened up things with 
 11 wickets and maintain an impressive 6.66 economy is very crucial name for Rajasthan.  Ajinkya Rahane, skipper Rahul Dravid and Stuart Binny are the others who need to perform on this pitch for taking team to a win.  In bowling James Faulkner 
  NEWS AAJTAK >> Captaincy will do Kohli a 'world of good' - Dravid  Former India captain Rahul Dravid has said that it will be unfair to judge Virat Kohli's captaincy credentials on the basis of one Test.  In the absence of 
 betting and match-fixing.  The main stake-holder of the Royal Challengers Bangalore, Vijay Mallya, can pull up Rahul Dravid after he lost an IPL match but the Prime Minister of the country cannot dare to say anything on any illegal business going 
 team despite his negative results from recent drug tests.  Dhaka : Opener Gautam Gambhir made a fine 101 and captain Rahul Dravid was unbeaten on 42 as India made 284 for eight in 49 overs in a rain affected second one-day international match at the 
 the most number of Test appearances, with Australians Ricky Ponting and Steve Waugh joint second on 168, followed by Rahul Dravid (164) and South African Jacques Kallis, who is still playing, on 162.  Could I take your name and number, please? 
 run marks in ODIs.  * The 20 century partnership for opening pair with Sourav Ganguly is a world record.  * Sachin and Rahul Dravid hold the world record for the highest partnership in ODI matches when they scored 331 runs against New Zealand in 1999.  * 
 17.  Piyush Chawla run out (Reddy/Perera) 23  Manpreet Gony run out (Ishant/De Kock) 0  Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid feels it is not necessary for all Twenty20 wickets to yield 180-190 runs as low-scoring matches can also be interesting 
 ) in 2004 against Bangladesh and debut in test cricket one year later against sri lanka.  He took over the captaincy from rahul dravid in 2007...  Read More   Thursday, 20 November 2008 15:15  Have not posted anything for a long time when then i was looking 
 .    Ian Robertson - We're going to gauge reaction to the 101EX and take the car to shows around the world.    Rahul Dravid - He proved he is the best all-rounder in the world at the moment.    Rahul Dravid - We are not ruling out anyone for the 
 take the car to shows around the world.    Rahul Dravid - He proved he is the best all-rounder in the world at the moment.    Rahul Dravid - We are not ruling out anyone for the World Cup.    Tony Greig - Cricket the world over, I don't think, will ever know how 
 of 52.65.  The other Indians who have achieved this milestone in their careers are Sachin Tendulkar (still playing), Rahul Dravid (still playing), Sunil Gavaskar (10122 runs in 125 Tests), Sourav Ganguly (7212 runs in 113 Tests), Dilip Vengsarkar ( 
 in the batting section spell Shaun Tait will use his extremity stride against the batsman.  The unhurried and faithful Rahul Dravid will controller the mid arrangement and will act the portrayal of a palisade for the group.  Pune Warriors, who hit been 
 the singles and twos and slamming a boundary off poor deliveries. 11 runs come from Rajagopal Sathish's over.  DROPPED!  Rahul Dravid misses what seemed like a straightfoward catch.  Could have been the case of not sighting the ball with the sun right in 
 Royals elected to bat after winning the toss against Kings Xi Punjab in an Indian Premier League match, here today.  Rahul Dravid won the toss and elected to bat first against Kings XI Punjab on a hot sunny day at Mohali . The news from the centre is Adam 
 to play for Indian team for several years to come.  Here is to mention that post retirement of great cricketers like Rahul Dravid , V.  V.  S.  Laxman and Sachin Tendulkar, a vast gap has been created in the Test squad.  Dynamic players like Cheteshwar 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 temperatures reached 35.7 degrees Celsius.  Cheteshwar Pujara is looking forward to work under the able mentorship of Rahul Dravid .  July 1, 2015 Comments Off on Wimbledon: On hottest day, Novak Djokovic and Serena Williams breeze ahead  Djokovic will 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 , the book will feature in its telling the likes of Ian Botham, Viv Richards, Ian Chappell, Mark Nicholas, Steve Waugh, Rahul Dravid , Ricky Ponting, Kerry O'Keefe, Martin Crowe, Mike Coward, Jim Maxwell and many others, including members of the 
 ball, but has nevertheless has followed the game with the help of his son.  The video features Gillette brand ambassador Rahul Dravid , one of the game's greatest ever batsmen.  The campaign is supported with the hashtag, #TheBestAFanCanGet, and comes 
 in this series, but have still won the games.  That is very encouraging.  Meanwhile Cook paid tribute to India batsman Rahul Dravid , who will be playing his 344th and final one-day game.  He's scored 10,000 runs in both forms of the game.  He's managed to 
 of Cambridge, Prince Harry and David Beckham, the ambassadors are: Andy Murray, Lewis Hamilton, Francois Pienaar, Rahul Dravid , Yao Ming, Sir Matthew Pinsent, Hans Sarpei, and The Leicester Tigers.  The Duke of Cambridge has led by example and in 
 of the game.  His Test and ODI records are the best among all Indian captains to date.  He took over the ODI captaincy from Rahul Dravid in 2007 and led the team to its first ever bilateral ODI series wins in Sri Lanka and New Zealand.  Under his captaincy, 
 10 match average while the orange line indicates career average progression.  The Indian ODI team in the early 2000s saw Rahul Dravid as the wicket-keeper to ensure that the wicket-keeper spot didn't lack in batting talent.  [ 45 ] The team also saw the 
 fourth season of the IPL, he was the only player that Royal Challengers Bangalore retained, preferred over the likes of Rahul Dravid , Jacques Kallis and Ross Taylor.  His highest score was 58.  He scored a total of twenty-six 4's and 12 6's.  He scored 557 
 96 ] Former New Zealand captain Martin Crowe once wrote in a column for ESPNcricinfo that Kohli exudes the intensity of Rahul Dravid , the audacity of Virender Sehwag, and the extraordinary range of Sachin.  [ 97 ]  Fastest Century (in 52 balls) by an 
 also directed a music video and two short films.  Among other things, he is a fan of Alfred Hitchcock, Quentin Tarantino, Rahul Dravid , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, McDonalds and Muhammad Ali.  We will be enrolling our 15th batch of students this time.  The BIT 
 score back-to-back hundreds overseas – it can't be an insignificant list when the other two in it are Sunil Gavaskar and Rahul Dravid .  Dhawan came into this game with good form, including 62 in the warm-up game in Colombo last week, while Kohli was well 
 a kite with illustrator Melissa Sweet , on our blog here .  On a pitch with a rare tinge of green, Rajasthan Royals, led by Rahul Dravid , opted to go in with an unprecedented all-pace attack comprising five fast bowlers, and defeated Kolkata Knight 
 in July.  [url=http://www.m2ca.fr/plesk.php?doudoune-moncler-pas-cher/]doudoune moncler pas cher[/url] Rahul Dravid then snapped up an astonishing catch at slip - his 200th in tests - as Harbhajan ripped the ball on to the edge of Dale 
 pest being found locally along with recommendations for control.  Hyderabad, May 16 (IANS) Rajasthan Royals captain Rahul Dravid said Thursday he was shocked, disappointed and distressed by the spot-fixing scandal that led to...  Home World 
 after Herbert Sutcliffe and Wally Hammond to score four centuries in a Test series in Australia, and later he went past Rahul Dravid 's 619 in the 2003-04 series in Australia for the most runs by an Indian in a Border-Gavaskar Trophy series.  Both he and 
  He took 373 wickets in 87 Test matches and also captained Pakistan in Tests as well as one-day internationals.  * April 15 Rahul Dravid becomes the first Indian batsman to score five double centuries in Test cricket when he scores 250 against Pakistan in 
 is his childhood sweetheart, Swati Mankar.  The photo is taken at Deepika flaunts her cleavage at Equation auction.  Rahul Dravid and Vijeta Pendharkar:  Indian cricketer, Rahul Dravid's wife is Vijeta Pendharkar, who is a doctor from Nagpur.  They 
 is taken at Deepika flaunts her cleavage at Equation auction.  Rahul Dravid and Vijeta Pendharkar:  Indian cricketer, Rahul Dravid's wife is Vijeta Pendharkar, who is a doctor from Nagpur.  They have two sons 6 years old, Samit and 2 years old Anvay.  
 a lot of caution and try and save the follow on first.  By admin , June 22, 2014 7:34 pm  The mentor of the Rajasthan Royals, Rahul Dravid , is very happy with the way his boys kept their cool in the previous match against the Kolkata Knight Riders which got 
 ever sold at Delhi duty free, including premium Malts and standard whiskies, exclusive Vodkas and a choice of Cognacs.  Rahul Dravid has officially endorsed Cheteshwar Pujara as the next Wall.  At a small function to ...  oakley outlet These guns were 
 Public Service Advertisements and poster on tobacco control featuring India's ambassador for tobacco control, Shri Rahul Dravid , here today.  The advertisements and posters have been prepared by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, and the 
 with the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) and HRIDAY.  Speaking on the occasion the Secretary thanked Shri Rahul Dravid for his endorsement to the cause.  He said that the association of Shri Rahul Dravid with this cause will inspire the 
 occasion the Secretary thanked Shri Rahul Dravid for his endorsement to the cause.  He said that the association of Shri Rahul Dravid with this cause will inspire the youth of the country to stay away from tobacco products.  He said that the growing number 
 cause of grave concern, and the anti-tobacco campaigns need to target them.  The anti-tobacco campaign featuring Shri Rahul Dravid is an effort by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to reach out to millions of young and potential tobacco users to 
 services as well as methods for measurement,assessment, reporting and verification (MARV) for forest carbon.  Rahul Dravid spent a bit of time with the young Indian test side ahead of the start of the test series against England and that seems to 
 to edge deliveries bowled in those areas.  It's believed that the head coach of the Indian team, Duncan Fletcher, wanted Rahul Dravid to mentor the young Indian batsmen.  It's him who had called the legend to ask him if he would like to come and spend some 
 been fair to take Sachin alone as I was good friends with others – Sourav Ganguly, VVS Laxman , Saba Karim, Atul Bedade, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble, Venkatesh Prasad, Sunil Joshi and Sujith Somasundar.  The team comprised 15-18 players and I invited 
 walker, I used to politely say, Excuse me stay injury-free, it suggests charlotteobserver.com  Full text of Rahul Dravid's Pataudi Memorial Lecture in New Delhi.  IMAGE: Former India captain Rahul Dravid delivering the Pataudi Memorial 
  Full text of Rahul Dravid's Pataudi Memorial Lecture in New Delhi.  IMAGE: Former India captain Rahul Dravid delivering the Pataudi Memorial Lecture in New Delhi.  Photograph: Twitter (@BCCI) Good evening Thank you to the BCCI 
 when they gained their qualification.  The final person trained in Scotland and later moved to North Wales.  Full text of Rahul Dravid's Pataudi Memorial Lecture in New Delhi For which their son or daughter could spend hours waiting for a turn to bat or 
 against Australia last year.  So, he desperately wants to be amongst the runs again.  On being asked who would replace Rahul Dravid at the no. 3 position, Sachin said that it would be pretty difficult for any one to fill in the shoes of Rahul Dravid, but, 
 Rahul Dravid at the no. 3 position, Sachin said that it would be pretty difficult for any one to fill in the shoes of Rahul Dravid , but, India has got some young, talented batsmen who are capable enough to play well at the no. 3 position.  On being asked 
 to greater heights of aggression.  The next three overs yielded 42 runs, with Ganguly not scoring even one of them! * Rahul Dravid 's 99 is the highest score made by an Indian on Pakistani soil, erasing the previous best of 94 not out by Dilip Vengsarkar 
 total which proved to be just out of reach.  Our men of the match: (Such a great match deserves two awards and not one!) Rahul Dravid may have got the highest score in the Indian total but it was Virendra Sehwag's dazzling innings that left the Pakistani 
 as he notched up a massive undefeated 186* off 150 balls.  If you have watched this game live then you would remember that Rahul Dravid also gave him good support from the other end as the two shared a match winning partnership of a record 331 runs.  The 
 compiled by Forbes, which also features four other players from the sub-continent - Sachin Tendulkar, Yuvraj Singh, Rahul Dravid and Sourav Ganguly.  Raking in USD 10 million, Dhoni is at the top of the chart followed by Tendulkar.  It's Time to Get 
 captain and GC member Ravi Shastri suggested that the BCCI could consider putting CSK skipper M S Dhoni and RR mentor Rahul Dravid in charge of their respective franchises in the interim period.  But Shirke reportedly shot down the suggestion, 
 .  He tossed up a delivery inviting Paranavithana for the drive.  The left hander obliged only to be caught at first slip by Rahul Dravid with Sri Lanka's score on 93 .Dilshan as expected motored along pulling Srisanth for a brilliant six in his unbeaten 51 
 later, Zaheer had the score settled.  The left-arm seamer banged it short and Mathews' pull was a little premature.  Rahul Dravid rushed from gully to pouch the top edge.  Mathews' exit meant the collective contribution of the Sri Lankan top order 
  Preity is so happy with the success of her team.  This is really a nice job did by KXIP.  My favourite team is RCB.  In this team Rahul Dravid ,Virat Kohli & Zaheer khan is my favorate cricketers.  The Bayesian Heresy (my favourite link-blogger at the moment)  
 match against Rajasthan Royals on April 6, 2013 at Feroz Shah Kotla stadium.  With big names like legend players like Rahul Dravid & Paddy Upton it Read More...  As the IPL season 6 starts today, it will be interesting to watch the first match between 
 comprising Stuart Broad, Graeme Swann and Tim Bresnan.  The match was the only T20I played by former Indian captain Rahul Dravid .  Rahane was part of indian team make it to the final of 2014 World T20 . After sitting on the bench for the first 3 matches he 
 .  [ 10 ]  Rahane has had a successful stint with Rajasthan Royals so far, playing with a tight technique under Rahul Dravid's mentorship.  [ 28 ] Rahane rose to prominence in the Premier League world in 2012 season for Rajasthan Royals.  He hit a 
 and turn it into their favor.  In the batting front for the team to perform against RCB's strong line up the Shane Watson, Rahul Dravid or Ajinkya Rahane will have the be present on the pitch for the most of the inning to built up a score enough to defend.  
 (11,174 runs) and Shivnarine Chanderpaul (11,219) to move behind Sachin Tendulkar, Ricky Ponting, Jacques Kallis, Rahul Dravid and Brian Lara in the list of top scorers in Test cricket.  Jayawardena, 36, ended on 11,236 runs in 142 Tests, and 
 , He was part of a Karnataka setup that contributed many players to the Indian team like Anil Kumble, Javagal Srinath, Rahul Dravid , Venkatesh Prasad, David Johnson, Dodda Ganesh and Sunil Joshi.  In 2002, playing for Kerala, he scored his highest 
 thrown in.  The front lawns were chock-a-bloc with attendees for the interview with former Indian cricket captain Rahul Dravid .  When asked whether it was odd for celebrities to be the reason attracting crowds to a literature festival, Dravid 
 the 3rd match to keep the chances of a series victory alive, India chose to bat first on a seaming Headingley pitch.  After Rahul Dravid had weathered the early storm by scoring a defiant century, Tendulkar took over to play an innings that had all the 
 .  In his very first over in Test cricket he got two wickets and that too of the ever troublesome pair of Gautam Gambhir and Rahul Dravid .  The record is yet to be repeated by anyone in this millennium.  2.  He Once Missed the Team Bus Since He Had Overslept  This 
 the fact that India won that series by clinching the 3rd and deciding Test at Karachi is down to the superhuman efforts of Rahul Dravid .  India had dismissed Pakistan for 224 in the first innings but still had to bat big in order to drive home the advantage 
 for 224 in the first innings but still had to bat big in order to drive home the advantage and the man for the occasion was Rahul Dravid , who came into bat in the 2nd delivery of the innings after Sehwag had been dismissed of the first ball.  Dravid ground the 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 of the sacred rules of copybook cricket.  If ever there was a modern pioneer of such a brand of cricket, it would be Rahul Dravid .  And when you see the same man mentoring a team in the IPL, you know the league isn't just glitz and glam.  Speaking of 
 .  He has presented self-made portraits to Sachin Tendulkar, Aamir Khan, Akshay Kumar, Ranbir Kapoor, Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and Virat Kohli.  Ask him how he ends up making such beautiful portraits, and he replies with a wry smile, I really don't 
 as he built a team of world class cricketers from scratch without tampering with the core group of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble.  Under Ganguly, India became a combative side who played fearless cricket without a shade of fear in 
 provision for persecuted and oppressed Christians around the world.  Cricket icon and Rajasthan Royals mentor, Rahul Dravid awarded the prestigious Scholarships at a special event in Pune.  The two students were selected from a pool of 
 to India, CEO of Rajasthan Royals, Raghu Iyer and senior representatives of Rajasthan Royals and team member includes Rahul Dravid , Steve Smith, Sanju Samson James Faulkner and Ajinkya Rahane and representatives from the academia.  Deakin is the 
 already too the accepted reference.  error code Is physically checkout to look threaded an option skin.  C Cord SYSTEM32 rahul dravid the timeless steel free. dll - Adware.  I rise late from my Anvil inn room and leisurely wander the city streets for a while 
 two centuries, one of them involving a back-from-the-dead, match-winning, 300-plus partnership with Kolkata ally Rahul Dravid at Adelaide, he had many dazzling.  He was known to torment his favorite opponents with silken strokes and piles of runs.  
 work in the Indian context.  Lisa Sarah John is a Bangalore-based dietician, who has advised people like Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid , V.V.S. Laxman, and V.  Sehwag.  On her website, she gives readers an easy break up of what a balanced Indian diet should 
 worried about the result.  What matters is to give your 100 percent on the field.    Sanju credited his success to captain Rahul Dravid .  I love to attack.  I always try to play according to the needs of my team.  Rahul Dravid backs me a lot.  He is giving me the 
 credited his success to captain Rahul Dravid.  I love to attack.  I always try to play according to the needs of my team.  Rahul Dravid backs me a lot.  He is giving me the right advice at the right time.  The team management has also backed my abilities, which 
 from Pathan while Kallis held fort at one end.  For Rajasthan, Ankeet Chavan and Watson took one wicket apiece.  Skipper Rahul Dravid's decision to bat first on the slow and sluggish Eden Gardens track did no good for his team.  The KKR bowlers did well to keep 
 Test wickets, lies fourth behind Indian Sachin Tendulkar (15,645), Australian Ricky Ponting (13,378) and India's Rahul Dravid (13,288) on the list of all-time run scorers.  Kallis, now on 13,040 runs, may struggle to overtake Tendulkar who is also 
 Shane Warne as Mumbai could only manage 133/5 in their 20 overs.  Watson then teamed up with fellow Rajasthan opener Rahul Dravid (43 not out) to take the Royals to a comfortable victory.  One of the most notable things about Watson's knock was the ease 
 Council's World T20 Tournament in Sri Lanka in September and there is a recall for all-rounder Britney Cooper.  LONDON – Rahul Dravid , the former India batsman, has said that creating a window for the Indian Premier League would not only let the world's 
 dismissed for a duck, was a new record for any one-day international partnership, surpassing the 331 shared by India's Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar against New Zealand at Hyderabad (Deccan) in 1999.  (Chris Gayle reveals Rohit Sharma as his 
 at Chennai on April 22, 2013.  Photo by Ron Gaunt-IPL-SPORTZPICS  Opener Shane Watson (59, 5x4, 3x6) and skipper Rahul Dravid (3) were at the crease at the half-way mark.  The wickets that fell were those of opener Ajinkya Rahane (16) and Dishant 
 Ponting, took two for six from his two overs.  Stuart Binny also took two for 14 while Kevon Cooper picked up one.  Skipper Rahul Dravid's decision to promote Dishant Yagnik ahead of himself at number 3 proved to be a masterstroke as the youngster hit a 
 towards the follow on but Laxman's attack to Australian with the individual score of 281 and the his partnership with Rahul Dravid of around 400 runs moved India towards the historical victory against Australia.  When he crossed score of 250 runs, 
 by Karunashraya as part of support to the hospice during the Run.  Viswanathan Anand makes a smart move & joins Rahul Dravid as 'Friend of Karunashraya' : Karunashraya could not have been prouder when Rahul Dravid became the 'First Friend of 
 makes a smart move & joins Rahul Dravid as 'Friend of Karunashraya' : Karunashraya could not have been prouder when Rahul Dravid became the 'First Friend of Karunashraya' in 2012.  He generously donated signed personal and replica memorabilia for 
 , said Raul Benitez.  Resource Center - Cardiff University  Rahul Dravid-Friend of Karunashraya  Batting for a Cause Rahul Dravid lends a special touch to World Hospice Day 2012  An exciting dimension to the World Hospice Day 2012 event was Rahul 
 Dravid lends a special touch to World Hospice Day 2012  An exciting dimension to the World Hospice Day 2012 event was Rahul Dravid's presence as Chief Guest, following his pledge of support as a 'Friend of Karunashraya'.  To mark the beginning of his 
 Guest, following his pledge of support as a 'Friend of Karunashraya'.  To mark the beginning of his noble endeavor, Rahul Dravid presented several pieces of highly-prized personal memorabilia to Karunashraya including a signed bat and his India 
 including a signed bat and his India jersey to be put up for auction to donors in the lead up to, and on, World Hospice Day.  Rahul Dravid was also available to the highest-bidding corporate donor for a company-wide interaction of its choice.  The audience 
 audience was taken to a drawing room setting where Nandan Kamath, the MC for the evening moderated a fireside chat with Rahul Dravid and Kishore Rao.  The audience was in awe of the humility of the cricketing legend and deeply inspired by his commitment 
 corporate tenure to found Karunashraya and bring it to its current status.  The interactive session was peppered with Rahul Dravid's quips which left the audience in splits.  The cricket memorabilia bid items including signed used and replica India 
 signed cricket balls and a signed replica bat were sold above bid price while many invested in Timeless Steel, signed by Rahul Dravid .  The highest bidders received their 'trophies' from the Wall himself.  All proceeds from the event and the auction were 
 , about the torture methods of the police and the social hierarchies in prison.  Writer Dilip D'Souza tells us how Rahul Dravid is a constant reminder to us of what a strong will can achieve.  Our photo story is on the Sundarbans, a land of extreme 
 to a total of 67,332 employees.  Only Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines and Chicago's United Airlines employs more, acc ...  Rahul Dravid to inspire children  The Oscars of Childrens awards honoured top 100 winning schools and school leaders of the Design 
 Institute of India (EDI) in Ahmedabad at the I CAN Awards.  The guests of honor this year were- Cricket legend Rahul Dravid , Actor & Activist Rahul Bose and 9-time World Billiards Champion Geet Sethi, who extended their support to inspire a 
 their support to inspire a billion children in India to BE THE CHANGE!  Former Indian captain and cricket legend Rahul Dravid said The concept of Design For Change reverses the role where children teach and inspire us through their ideas and 
 players.  Sachin Tendulkar decided not be the captain instead Gautam Gambir will be.leading Mumbai Indians team.  Rahul Dravid will lead the Rajathan Royals, Ganguly will lead Pune Warriors team.  Season 1 was won by Rajasthan Royals, season 2 by 
 I told off a customer in our retail store.  I then got in trouble at work for being rude to a customer.  Former cricket player Rahul dravid and Olympic bronze medallist MC Mary Kom will get Padma Bhushan, third highest civilian award in the Republic of India.  
 great Batsman.  Rahul was appointed as vice-captain in 2003 worldcup and was captian in 2007 world cup. 16 th Sep 2011 Rahul Dravid announced his retirement after ODI series against England.  Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom :  Mangte Chungneijang Mary 
 end of 2012, the remainder of Munich's 3,000 proprietary desktops will be migrated to Limux.  What India can learn from Rahul Dravid .  A doyen of Indian cricket hangs up his boots today after 15 years of service to his country.  Where others relied on 
 .  Fare thee well, Rahul Sharad Dravid.  And thank you for the memories.  Also read: Harsha Bhogle's wonderful tribute to Rahul Dravid .  Residency: Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, 1980-1983 Nephrology, Duke University Medical Center, 
 comics that kept me entertained as a kid.  That's how you know something is a classic.  Sachin Tendulkar, Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid ... rethink your national Twenty20 priorities.  For all those who thought the shortest format of the game is only a young 
 bats at number three, notched up his seventh Test century and become only the fourth Indian after Sunil Gavaskar, Rahul Dravid and Virender Sehwag to bat through the innings.  Sri Lanka won the opening Test in Galle by 63 runs but India drew level 
 , who promptly scored a hundred on Test debut.  Now, with the middle-order not so packed as it was in the VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid era, the onus is Yuvraj to cement his place in the Test squad.  He's done incredibly well to return to international 
 for a goal-scoring colossus.  If it doesn't mess with your head, either you're inhuman or you idolize Kimi Raikonnen/ Rahul Dravid .  Looks like we're done.  No, wait.  Javier Hernandez.  Dimitar Berbatov.  They were the 3rd and 4th choice strikers last 
 branch.  But you can and should reuse the geometries.  I Have No Aspirations To Be Indian Coach Now: Dravid  Former captain Rahul Dravid today emphatically ruled out the notion that he was interested in taking up the India coaching job after Duncan 
 fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar took two wickets in two balls against India at Kolkata when he removed Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid off consecutive deliveries and took the match by the scruff of the neck.  Pakistan won that match, in 1999, by 46 runs and 
 out a clear message to the team ' we are there and we care '  3.  Get a Good CEO to run the ship : Remember Shane Warne and now Rahul Dravid , go out and find out the best in the business and hire them . Give them the freedom and watch them perform.  4.  You dont need 
 46 came off 31 balls and included seven fours.  Opener Ajinkya Rahane made 36 off 34 balls with three fours, while skipper Rahul Dravid (17), Dishant Yagnik (16) and Stuart Binny (14) also made useful contributions.  For KKR, Sunil Narine took two for 28, 
 , At a time, only 11 can play.  Saturday March 10, 2012 Indian cricketer Yuvraj Singh tweeted to express his tribute to Rahul Dravid , who retired from international cricket on Friday..  24 Nearly all final fantasy yuna in a bikini porno teen births are 
 about who according to him was the greatest cricketer of modern time, Sachin, of course!   he proclaimed.  He mentioned Rahul Dravid as one of the most talented and motivating players India has ever produced and also appreciated Sehwag's impulsive 
 at least in the matters of development of the game and finance matters can be handled by the admins.  Brilliant from Rahul Dravid . moncler clearance I like how he cares for the struggling test nations to be involved in India's, England etc first 
 cricketer was inducted as the latest honourees in the 'Bradman Hall of Fame' in October, 2014? a.  Sachin Tendulkar b.  Rahul Dravid c.  Saurav Ganguly d.  Virendra Sehwag  86.  Which military exercise was commenced in November, 2014 between Indian and 
 Campaign will reach out to the education institutions of Bengaluru through cricketers Anil Kumble, Javagal Srinath, Rahul Dravid and Robin Uthappa as resource ambassadors.  The four will spearhead campaigns linked to energy, water, waste and 
 fastener solution.  Various Thai individuals wish Sachin Tendulkar, K.  Beds Dhoni, Virender Sehwag, Gautam gambir, Rahul Dravid and even more try to outfits polarized visible tiff 004057-07.  Oakley dark glasses have proven to be from a commercial 
 Singapore and his first test match was against England at Lords on June 20th 1996 where he scored 95 in his first innings.  Rahul Dravid has reached a score of 12,000 runs in test cricket, second only to Sachin Tendulkar in India.  He is also the sixth 
 down due to under performance.  He retired from One Day International Cricket in 2009 but plays Test Cricket regularly.  Rahul Dravid has played for Royal Challengers Bangalore and then for Rajasthan Royals in the different seasons of the Indian 
 in 2004, ICC Test Player of the Year in 2004, MTV Youth Icon of the Year in 2004 and Captain on the ICC's Test Team in 2006.  Rahul Dravid is one of the few honorable players who play their game with talent as much as instinct.  His technical precision is a 
 of poor people living across India.  ~ Aamir Khan stood up against poverty! ~  ~ AR Rahman stood up against poverty! ~  ~ Rahul Dravid stood up against poverty! ~  ~ Rahul Bose stood up against poverty! ~  ~ Kiran Bedi stood up against poverty! ~  Join us on 
 , if my memory serves me right).  All of which makes one wonder what the team is gaining through its policy of making Rahul Dravid keep wicket to include an extra batsman in the line-up.  If a batting line up that has the likes of Tendulkar, Sehwag, 
 in November 2005.  Both Gambhir and Sehwag (21, 26 balls, 1x4, 1x6) looked in good touch when they began after captain Rahul Dravid won the toss and opted to bat.  They scored 43 for the opening wicket, before left-arm pacer Syed Rasel had Sehwag caught 
 some best of his innings to make way for the Royals in the final battle while Shane Watson, Ajinkya Rahane and skipper Rahul Dravid will also be important.  James Faulkner and Kevon Cooper yet again need to take care of the bowling.  For making their way 
 batting and charismatic personality.  Born: 27th November, 1986 (28 years old) Marital Status: Single.  There are ...  Rahul dravid is a former Indian cricket player, who is considered as one of the most rliable players to ever have played for team India 
 pay when companies are rescued from going bankrupt, you can celebrate not just her achievement but also her ethics.  Rahul Dravid – There are more glamourous players like Dhoni; players with more runs like Tendulkar. swashbuckling and adventurous 
  Turner Battle , American basketball player  Ted Richards , Australian footballer  Adrian Sutil , German race car driver  Rahul Dravid , Indian cricketer  Ernst Nolte , German historian and philosopher  Carroll Shelby , American race car driver, engineer 
 , M.  S.  Dhoni, Ravindra Jadeja, Virendra Sehwag, Adam Gilchrist, Gautam Ghambir, Yousuf Phatan, Kevin Pollard, Rahul Dravid ,Shane Watson,AB de Villiers, Michael Clarke and many more! •Play the complete IPL season 5 tournaments with your 
 ensure vehicles are looking brand new and reliable all year round.  Hyderabad, May 16 (IANS) Rajasthan Royals captain Rahul Dravid said Thursday he was shocked, disappointed and distressed by the spot-fixing scandal that led to the arrest of three of 
 winners of the Horlicks Wiz Team contest, and a motley group of meritorious children photographed with cricketer Rahul Dravid .  Children also regularly appear in photographs relating to conflicts and disasters, presumably to highlight the 
 lost 11 and drawn seven.  At home, his record is much better – 21 wins, three defeats and six draws.  Another former captain Rahul Dravid agreed with the perception that Dhoni was a defensive captain, saying he needed to take risks if he wanted to win Test 
 this award, it is India's highest honor for excellence in sports.  The four options listed were Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Rahul Dravid , Sourav Ganguly and Anil Kumble.  I instantly, almost involuntarily blurted out Rahul Dravid, considering his yeoman 
 Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Rahul Dravid, Sourav Ganguly and Anil Kumble.  I instantly, almost involuntarily blurted out Rahul Dravid , considering his yeoman service to Indian cricket and distinguished achievements over the course of a decade and a 
 , however, they were disappointed their dad was wrong.  The correct answer was Mahendra Singh Dhoni.  It turns out that Rahul Dravid never even received this award.  This led me to ponder over, in my opinion, the falling standards in today's world where 
 out three fingers of his hand to put the record straight!  I have seen this remarkable ability in Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid too.  In fact, I once played a parlour game with Sachin where I would throw out a team, year and venue and he would come back 
 20th 1996 - two young Indian cricketers were handed over the Indian Test cap for the very first time.  Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid replaced Navjot Sidhu and Sanjay Manjrekar in the XI at Lord's against England.  Indian cricket would never be the same.  
 changes to their franchises.  Both were not happy with their respective team captains.  Mallya sacked his captain, Rahul Dravid , and replaced him with Kevin Pietersen, whom Mallya bought for a whopping Rs.6.61 Crore.  It took a Good Samaritan like 
 recipes; famous australian foods; australian food recipes; vegemite recipes  The Wall of the Indian cricket team Rahul Dravid has admitted that the side faces an uphill battle to save the second Test match against Australia at the Sydney Cricket 
 innings also did not go much differently from the first for India and they have already lost opener Virender Sehwag and Rahul Dravid with Gautam Gambhir and Sachin Tendulkar fighting it out in the middle.  Dravid also felt visibly disappointed with the 
 that the players still at the crease can come up with something good and save the Test match for India and if that happens, Rahul Dravid can look forward to a new start with the third Test.  Riverview Cottage kenmare: Kerry  Architect designed bungalow, in 
 up tents and frying conch before football games. ... A year later, he left to play wide ... watching his team run drills.  Rahul Dravid's Pataudi Memorial Lecture: Full Text ... – There are so many football, ... Kids that age can't be stuck into the nets and 
 as saying by television channels.  Tendulkar wants ICC to make a radical switch from 50-50 to four 25-over innings.  Rahul Dravid was controversially given out in the first ODI against England.  I still don't know how exactly he was given out, said 
 with his most important innings for India and made a patient 68 on the first day in an invaluable partnership with Rahul Dravid in difficult swinging and seaming conditions.  Later on in the same match he also chipped in with two important wickets 
 , Bangar announced his retirement after 20 year seasons.  [ 3 ] An article by Sanjay Bangar was featured in the 2012 book Rahul Dravid : Timeless Steel  He had coached India A.  He was coach of Kochi Tuskers as batting coach in 2010.  He was in race to replace 
 take the field for their first matches in the tournament, they will join the group of Sanath Jayasuriya (Sri Lanka), Rahul Dravid (India), Ricky Ponting (Australia), Mark Boucher and Jacques Kallis (both South Africa) who have played in all the six 
 a man of the match performance which saw India win by 13 runs.  Both of these performances occurred under the captaincy of Rahul Dravid with Ganguly injured, in which Kartik netted his wickets at an average of 17.50 compared to 51.08 under Ganguly's 
 lost Wasim Jaffer when he shouldered arms to the first Test match's very first ball from pacer Mashrafe Mortaza after Rahul Dravid won the toss here Friday.  Also, Off-spinner Ramesh Powar became the 254th player to make his Test debut.  By Qaiser 
 Mohammad Ali, Chittagong, May 18 (IANS) India lost the wicket of Wasim Jaffer on the very first ball after captain Rahul Dravid won the toss in the first Test against Bangladesh here Friday.  Pacer Mashrafe Mortaza clean bowled him at the Bir 
 left India after the World Cup following completion of his two-year tenure.  Chittagong, May 17 (IANS) India captain Rahul Dravid said Thursday that there would be some surprise element in the team that will play against Bangladesh in the first 
 Premier League (IPL) here tonight.  Batting first, the hosts were restricted to 146 for six from their 20 overs, with Rahul Dravid topscoring for them with 37 and Shane Watson contributing 34.  Chasing 147 for a win, the visitors reached 151 for one in 
 for 22.  Ajinkya Rahane topscored for Rajasthan with a well-made 52 off 36 balls and inclusive of seven boundaries.  Rahul Dravid made 20 and A S Raut chipped in with 19.  The win has more or less ensured CSK a place in the semi-final play-off of the 
 Pakistan in a do-or-die qualifying round.  India faces an early and large deficit, but the talents of players such as Rahul Dravid , Virender Sehwag and batsman Sachin Tendulkar (in a Man of the Match performance) were equal to the task.  This program 
 Park Ans : (A)  70.  Who amongst the following cricketers has been chosen for Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award, 2007 ? (A) Rahul Dravid (B) M.  S.  Dhoni (C) Sachin Tendulkar (D) Virender Sehwag Ans : (B)  71.  ICI is the name associated with– (A) A MNC which 
 the fifth Indian player to score a century in each innings of a Test after Vijay Hazare, Sunil Gavaskar (three times), Rahul Dravid (twice) and Kohli.  Kohli was unlucky to miss out on a century Sunday, trapped leg before by fast bowler Kyle Abbott (1-47 
 A significant number of national cricketers have come from Bangalore, including former Indian cricket team captains Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble . Some of the other players who have represented India include Javagal Srinath , Gundappa Vishwanath , 
 .  There is no one like him.  Now that he's made his 100th century, let him play his natural game.  Go Sachin!  We love you!  Rahul Dravid taught world value of wicket but Selfish Dwarf taught world how to play for personal reocrds.  @nawserces98, totally 
 .  After a double and a single hundred that helped them win the first Test and should have helped them do better at Mumbai, Rahul Dravid , ルイヴィトン バッグ , who first advanced the idea, ルイビトン , however, ルイヴィトン 財布 , People dont understand exactly what they are 
 .  Please note that we're dealing with a smaller division of a major, major national  By admin , February 13, 2013 11:21 am  Rahul Dravid has said that Mahendra Singh Dhoni should quit the captaincy of the Indian T20 team and Chennai Super Kings, but, he 
 documents the interactivation of a stretched elastic cloth with an integrated sensor array called the Blanket.  Rahul Dravid believes that the main reason behind India's recent defeats overseas is that they don't have a genuine strike bowler 
 in Paris, Debutantes marries high fashion and society with an eternal allure to be coveted by all ages.  File photo of Rahul Dravid .  UNI PHOTO  Rahul Dravid, one of Indian cricket's all-time greats and one of the most dignified men the sport has known, 
 marries high fashion and society with an eternal allure to be coveted by all ages.  File photo of Rahul Dravid.  UNI PHOTO  Rahul Dravid , one of Indian cricket's all-time greats and one of the most dignified men the sport has known, announced his 
 who can attack any bowling with brutal force.  Brian Lara's unforgettable flair and flourish with the bat is unmatched.  Rahul Dravid carves his runs out of sheer willpower and pure technique.  Sachin, however, emanates runs.  At his best, they seem to 
 the duel between you and the bowler.    The 50-member jury included legendary cricketers Ian Chappell, Clive Lloyd, Rahul Dravid , Ricky Ponting and Graeme Smith; veteran commentators Tony Cozier, Mark Nicholas, Mike Haysman and Sanjay Manjrekar 
 that kept low.  Wriddhiman Saha joined Ajinkya Rahane  Mumbai batman Ajinkya Rahane joined Sunil Gavaskar (thrice), Rahul Dravid (twice), Vijay Hazare and Virat Kohli as Indians in the club.  NEW DELHI: When he turned a single towards square leg off 
 the first time was very encouraging.  Who were your heroes when growing up?  In addition to the ones mentioned above also Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar.  When did you score your first ever century and who was it against?  Year 2000 playing for Airindia 
 confession, winning the Under-19 tri-series was not the Indian team's main focus at the start of the tournament.  Coach Rahul Dravid and his support staff wanted to take a close look at the boys ahead of the U-19 World Cup early next year in Bangladesh.  But 
 .  Recently Indian Cricket team played very well with Srilanka.  The young brigade proove there point under captain Rahul Dravid and Coach Greg Chappel.  The result was 6-1 series victory.  Soon after that Selectors anounced that Sourabh Gamguly 
 other examples of sports personalities influencing brand perceptions like, Sachin Tendulkar for Visa Card & Boost, Rahul Dravid for Kissan Jam & Gillette Razor and several others!  More recently the election victory of NarendraModi and the BJP in 
 and made a huge score hitting five sixes and 12 boundaries.  India on their turn lost two wickets very early but Rahul Dravid came to the rescue and completed the chase partnering with Yuvraj Singh, Sanjay Bangar and VVS Laxman remaining not out 
 bowler He marked his return in 2008 with his breakthrough series against India, where he dismissed Gautam Gambhir and Rahul Dravid in the same over.  His biggest strength is his flight, guile and the shrewdness to gauge a batsman's weakness quickly.  If 
 are taken, apparently over their heads.  Bethnal Green and Bow Conservatives  Dhaka : India won the toss and captain Rahul Dravid decided to bat against Bangladesh in the second One-Day International that was delayed due to morning drizzle at the 
 the endgame and secure a healthy and disease free future for the global youth.  With the former cricket captain of India, Rahul Dravid , agreeing to be Health Ministry's Ambassador for tobacco control, we will be able to have a positive impact on the large 
 smiling on me – Ajay Jadeja introduced me to the Indian cricket team.  I got to meet all the big heroes – Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Virendra Sehwag, Saurabh Ganguly ... my life took a new turn from then on ... .  Another fine day in December 2002.  I was 
 do the job given by BCCI, he added.  India A, for which Kohli turned up here, is currently being coached by former skipper Rahul Dravid .  Kohli said playing under his tutelage has been helpful.  It's always nice to be around great players like Rahul Dravid 
 Rahul Dravid.  Kohli said playing under his tutelage has been helpful.  It's always nice to be around great players like Rahul Dravid , because just their presence is so calming and so reassuring and even if you don't want to speak about the game, just 
 with Zee News, Pallavi has interviewed many cricketers including Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly, Sunil Gavaskar, Rahul Dravid , Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Kumar Sangakkara, Brian Lara, Jonty Rhodes and many others.  She shared her 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 at the video of his valiant but breathtaking 192 v Australia.  Nicknamed 'The Wall' due to his near impregnable defence, Rahul Dravid capped a stellar Test career with a record which would do his nickname justice-he faced a world record 31258 deliveries 
 .  The record in itself is a proof of the man's limitless reserves of technique, concentration, resolve and resilience.  Rahul Dravid personified correct technique and graceful stroke play in world cricket and he is often regarded as one of the best 
 influence as well as the stability he brought into the field of play.  Always unruffled under trying circumstances, Rahul Dravid was cricket's ultimate 'ice man' with a steely resolve.  The moment Ricky Ponting scored a near flawless 96 on his debut 
 feast didn't stop when Pakistan declared at 679/7 in the First Test between India.  Indian Openers Virendar Shewag and Rahul Dravid put up 410 run stand for the 1st wicket.  This is the second best for the 1st Wicket as they fell just three runs short.  
 of international stars, including Terry Alderman, Malcolm Marshall, Bob Massie, Adam Gilchrist, Justin Langer and Rahul Dravid have lent their lustre to an adopted country and have been astonished at the depth of affection which exists for the 
 Committee later this spring.  In other news from the Capitol  Ajinkya Rahane has played under various captains – Rahul Dravid , MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli . (Source: File)  Named captain for the tour of Zimbabwe, Ajinkya Rahane says he would like to 
 !  Perfect amount of spice.  Thanks.  For anyone out their looking for a good chili recipe ......  Celebrated cricketer Rahul Dravid is the best No. 3 batsman to play for India.  He is the second Indian batsman and the third international player to have 
 is one of the most famous cricket stadiums in the world which has hosted many world cups and other test matches.  Rahul Dravid , Robin Uthappa, Anil Kumble, Vinay Kumar, Roger Binny are some of the stars of cricket belonging to Bangalore.  In the 
 of the college has earlier hosted Ranji trophy & Buji babu trophy matches.  Sunil gavaskar Sachin tendulkar Kapildev Rahul dravid & others have played at this ground.  Seven zonal teams participated after due preparations at their own turfs.  The 
 a fair decision, even though I think he probably was out.  Giving batsmen out on noise is a dangerous policy, as we saw with Rahul Dravid and the aglet last summer. 48th over: Sri Lanka 135-3 (M Jayawardene 62, Samaraweera 47) Samaraweera eases back in his 
 name their kids after political heroes, film stars and great personalities and after sports stars.  This happened when Rahul Dravid , was considered the batting backbone of Indian cricket team.  The Beijing Games effect: Many Chinese have Olympics 
 wickets.  The all-rounder has always played a crucial role in the Rajasthan Royals' fortunes and in the absence of Rahul Dravid on the field he will play an even greater role in 2014 as the captain of the team.  Shane Watson Retained Rs 12.5 crores ($2. 
 four-Test series 2-0, courtesy a whopping 47 wickets out of 50 claimed by the spin trio of Ashwin  Former India skipper Rahul Dravid on Tuesday called upon the BCCI to formulate a blueprint for junior cricket and said it was imperative to remove age 
 for use), who can be responsible for them, and a timeline for completion.  Anything else?  Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid drives a delivery during their match in the Indian Premier League against Pune Warriors India at Jaipur on the 5th May 
 Premier League against Pune Warriors India at Jaipur on the 5th May 2013.  Photo by Shaun Roy-IPL-SPORTZPICS  Skipper Rahul Dravid was batting on 48 and Ajinkya Rahane on 33 at the half-way mark, when the home team required 95 runs from the remaining 60 
 as $1,370.75 in 2013.  India won the series agains pakistan, though they have lost the test series  Congratulations Rahul Dravid and team for wonderful performance.  Special Thanks to Sachin and Dhoni to display high quality cricket.  Elementary 
 Siksha Abhiyan (C) National Rural Health Mission (D) Integrated Child Development Services (E) Look East Policy  39.  Rahul Dravid recently made a record of earning 10000 runs in test cricket.  He made this record while playing against which of the 
 .  This is also the highest Test partnership between the two sides going past the 376 runs fifth wicket stand between Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman set in 2001 during the Eden Gardens Test.  12:30 pm: LUNCH – Australia are 469/3 with Ricky Ponting (198) 
 , 2015 - 19:52. 0.  Shares.  Share on Facebook · Share on Twitter ...  Manager of India A team M.V. Siva Reddy heaped praise on Rahul Dravid , saying that the former India skipper's vast professional experience and guiding ability proved to be a boon for the 
 aggregate runs thus far.  Anyone who might have watched the IPL for any length of time might be a bit surprised to know that Rahul Dravid is the tenth highest run scorer in the IPL with a tally of 2174 runs in 6 seasons and goes to show that if a batsman has class 
 2006.  He made his debut in Nagpur, India, and his first Test wicket was that of Sachin Tendulkar while he also claimed Rahul Dravid in his three-wicket haul.  In 2007, the slow left-arm bowler was awarded the prestigious Wisden Cricketer of the Year 
 Cricket Council as its ambassadors for the year 2010-11 ? (a) Mahendar Singh Dhoni (b) Sachin Tendulkar (c) Rahul Dravid (d) Virender Sehwag  26.  Who have won the India's first ever medal in the 20km walks in the common wealth Games history.  (a 
 .  J Buck's was created in 1999 and named after Jack, Joe and jules Buck, The legendary televison transmitting.  Rahul Dravid 13.  Holly Blofeld(Hope he has alive) 14.  Ding Nicholas.  To put it simply, This is our critical event to date.  The 
 the Commonwealth Games that were held in New Delhi in 2010 might have been tainted by scandals and corruption, [...]  Rahul Dravid , the former Indian cricketer has been elected to join the Laureus World Sports Academy.  The former India cricket team 
 so to make his last test match series the most memorable tour of his career.  Great former players of Indian Cricket team Rahul Dravid and Saurav Ganguly also remembered unforgettable moments with Cricket of God what they have shared in the dressing 
  The Sri Lankan great follows Sachin Tendulkar of India, Ricky Ponting of Australia, Jacques Kallis of South Africa and Rahul Dravid of India in the all-time list of leading Test scorers.  Rahane anchored the Indian innings before being dismissed 
 take position in front of silver reflectors; they walk out to practice pitches to provide expert demonstrations [with Rahul Dravid carrying his jacket out on a hanger].  Sidhu, conspicuous from a distance in a purple turban, bloviates animatedly, and 
 runs with a boundary.  The marvelous 183 he scored againstSri Lanka in Taunton is still remembered by his ardent fans.  Rahul dravid once said that on the offside there is god and then there is Saurav da, he is well known for his sweetly timed cover drives 
 Ganguly and Chappell were summoned to a BCCI board meeting in which they agreed to work together for the good of the team.  Rahul Dravid was appointed captain for the series againstSri LankaandSouth Africaafter Ganguly was not selected for the opening 
 LankaandSouth Africaafter Ganguly was not selected for the opening games due to injury.  When the two series got over, Rahul Dravid was asked to continue as skipper.  He played in the first two Test matches in the three-Test series againstSri Lanka.  
 Test players having good academic degrees, too.  If an underdeveloped country like Africa can do this, why cant India?  Rahul Dravid , former captain of the Indian cricket team, said recently that sports administrators should invest all their efforts 
 relevant stakeholders sportspeople sports fans, because, without one, the other becomes irrelevant.  According to Rahul Dravid , the sacred role of sports federations is to find the right talents, give them the best possible platforms to learn, 
 right.  At 43, he has played just a couple of seasons at the top level.  Tambe had been selected by the former Royals captain Rahul Dravid from the trials last year and what a find he has turned out to be.  The hunger that he has shown at this age has left people 
 rupees to the Royals which is too little if compared to the salary of some other superstars.  There have been reports that Rahul Dravid , the mentor of the Rajasthan Royals, wants some bonus amount paid to Tambe as incentive for his great performances.  It 
 Hameed dropped Laxman off Shabbir Ahmed.  Barely a few deliveries later, Hameed was in the thick of it again.  This time Rahul Dravid was the beneficiary and Akhtar the bowler as he failed to hold on to a very difficult chance! * Shabbir Ahmed bowled one of 
 character move on.  Obviously, it was in a horrific way, but I think Mariska is excited about that moving on process.  Why Rahul Dravid never sported a funky hairstyle - ABP Live New Delhi: For a generation of people, Rahul Dravid is the ideal cricketer.  
 moving on process.  Why Rahul Dravid never sported a funky hairstyle - ABP Live New Delhi: For a generation of people, Rahul Dravid is the ideal cricketer.  The one who could give any opposition a tough fight and yet remains a good boy with a contagious 
 remains a good boy with a contagious smile.  It's difficult to imagine Dravid in any other way.  In fact, Dravid ...  Video: Rahul Dravid explains why he never sported a funky hairstyle - Sportskeeda Rahul Dravid , while answering questions sent by fans, 
 in any other way.  In fact, Dravid ...  Video: Rahul Dravid explains why he never sported a funky hairstyle - Sportskeeda Rahul Dravid , while answering questions sent by fans, threw some light on where he stands on the matter of sporting unconventional 
 Rahane stands out from his peers - Sportskeeda For years', Indians have been spoilt by the Fab 5 (Virender Sehwag, Rahul Dravid , Sachin Tendulkar, VVS Laxman & Sourav Ganguly) of Indian batting.  Runs from the bat of at least one of these 5 five was 
 by Dravid at top table - ECB.co.uk The Hampshire off-spinner found himself sharing the top table with batting maestro Rahul Dravid , who took up a position as coach of India's Under-19s and also their A-team last year, and will be leading them into next 
 to Chennai Flood Victims and ... - NDTVSports.com Ajinkya Rahane joined the likes of Sunil Gavaskar, Virat Kohli and Rahul Dravid as he stroked twin centuries to help India crush South Africa by 337 runs to seal a 3-0 series win.  He also became the 
 runs to seal a 3-0 series win.  He also became the leading run-getter in the series.  Reported By Somak ...  Ajinkya Rahane, Rahul Dravid and Their Mirror-Image Career Graphs - The Quint While compiling the list of Indians who had scored hundreds in both 
 hundreds in both innings of a Test match, and after Rahane had accomplished the feat, I started comparing the careers of Rahul Dravid and Rahane and noticed there were plenty of similarities.  Which ...  Ajinkya Rahane Joins Virat Kohli, Rahul Dravid in 
 of Rahul Dravid and Rahane and noticed there were plenty of similarities.  Which ...  Ajinkya Rahane Joins Virat Kohli, Rahul Dravid in Elite Club of Centurions - NDTVSports.com He also became only the fifth Indian to score two centuries in a Test, 
 He also became only the fifth Indian to score two centuries in a Test, joining the likes of Vijay Hazare, Sunil Gavaskar, Rahul Dravid and Kohli. - This was only the seventh instance in Tests in India where a batsman has scored a century in each innings.  
 only the seventh instance in Tests in India where a batsman has scored a century in each innings.  Ramesh Powar reveals Rahul Dravid paid him the biggest compliment - Sportskeeda Former India spinner Ramesh Powar retired from all forms of cricket 
 Ramesh Powar retired from all forms of cricket after the Ranji match between Gujarat and Mumbai and revealed that Rahul Dravid paid him the biggest compliment, reports Wisden India.  Powar's final domestic game ended in a draw ...  Quiz on famous 
 .  Powar's final domestic game ended in a draw ...  Quiz on famous speeches - Hindu Business Line On December 1 this year, Rahul Dravid delivered the third edition of the Pataudi Memorial Lecture instituted by the Board of Control for Cricket in India.  
 India.  This quiz is about famous speeches.  And they spoke. 1Who delivered the first MAK Pataudi Memorial ...  08:37:38 Rahul Dravid delivering speech at MAK Pataudi lecture 2015 in New Delhi  19:39:21 Rahul Dravid worlds highest catch taker in cricket 
 MAK Pataudi Memorial ...  08:37:38 Rahul Dravid delivering speech at MAK Pataudi lecture 2015 in New Delhi  19:39:21 Rahul Dravid worlds highest catch taker in cricket, breath taking catches(Tribute to the Achiever)  07:03:17 Rahul Dravid tries to 
 :39:21 Rahul Dravid worlds highest catch taker in cricket, breath taking catches(Tribute to the Achiever)  07:03:17 Rahul Dravid tries to bat like Dhoni- 10 sixes!!!!!!  08:37:11 Dravid raises his bat after scoring a single,crowd appreciates :p  13: 
 raises his bat after scoring a single,crowd appreciates :p  13:09:12 Sachin reacts after being declared on 194 by Rahul Dravid  17:56:32 Dravid-Raina genius plan to dismiss Kamran Akmal.  Rahul Dravid was probably one of the last classical Test 
 Sachin reacts after being declared on 194 by Rahul Dravid  17:56:32 Dravid-Raina genius plan to dismiss Kamran Akmal.  Rahul Dravid was probably one of the last classical Test match batsmen.  His progress into the national side may have been steady and 
 the way consumers & businesses operate.  Change the world through better customer experiences.  The latest Tweets from Rahul Dravid (@rahuldravid): Dhoni does it for India to recapture crown after 28 years http://ow.ly/4tpBN  Profile.  It's hard to 
 ): Dhoni does it for India to recapture crown after 28 years http://ow.ly/4tpBN  Profile.  It's hard to plot Rahul Dravid on the graph of cricketing greats.  There has rarely been a historic Indian win without a vital contribution from 'The 
 greats.  There has rarely been a historic Indian win without a vital contribution from 'The Wall ...  Note: While Rahul Dravid is such a lovable gentleman that one feels like incessantly writing about him, I'll restrict myself to the question at 
 2015.  Reintroduce children to the magic of cricket - Dravid.  Dec 1, 2015: The full text of the speech delivered by Rahul Dravid at the ...  IP Infusion Announces General Availability of ZebOS-XP Release 1.3 Network Platform  Latest Release 
 .  It may not happen soon.  Not in my tenure, or even in my lifetimeâ€, says Ramasami. â€œBut if I have to play the role of Rahul Dravid for this country in science, I donâ€TMtâ€TM care how long I need to bat, whether I get runs or whether Iâ€TMm sweating 
 no longer.  L-30 L-30 Fragile Torn Dirty Repaired Heavy Tracing Paper Drafting Ink ... 1951  Chittagong : India captain Rahul Dravid Monday said he was keen on winning the third One-day International against Bangladesh here to wrap up the series 3-0.  
 divesting for the Knight Riders in the last match clinching 5 wickets together and will be the ace in this play as well.  Rahul Dravid has worked wonders for the team Rajasthan Royals and it has shown in their play.  Their smashing win against the Mumbai 
 partners did to start with at the top.  As for his No. 4 position in the Test batting order, Kohli should take it now, that Rahul Dravid's one-drop slot has been taken by Cheteshwar Pujara.  So, technically, in both the forms of cricket the selectors have 
 in Tests.  So far, only 49 players have managed to achive the feat in the longer format.  For India, only Sunil Gavaskar, Rahul Dravid and Virender...  Read More  India, resuming the day at 21/3, fought with the Virat Kohli-Rohit Sharma stand before the 
 in 2000.  After that Sachin Tendulkar chooses not to become the captain of Team India again in future.  During 2007 when Rahul Dravid resigned from captainship all eyes were again on little man to be the captain of Team India for the third time but he stood 
 a pretzel bunPart 5 of 9 How to Make a camouflage ghillie suit'Smith's record in India is an aberration'Modern Masters: Rahul Dravid and Sanjay Manjrekar discuss Graeme Smith's terrific record in different conditionsA hole in England's 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 top run-scorer in the format isSachin Tendulkar with 18426 runs.  The club includes other big international names like Rahul Dravid , Brian Lara, Ricky Ponting, Sourav Ganguly, Inzamam-ul-Haq and Jacques Kallis.  He and Perera, who also earlier 
 a ball through covers only added to his aura.  When Dhoni played his first ODI in December 2004, Ganguly, Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were all in the squad.  In 2007, he took a team of boys to South Africa to play another kind of world cup–the World T20–and 
 of poor people living across India.  ~ Aamir Khan stood up against poverty! ~  ~ AR Rahman stood up against poverty! ~  ~ Rahul Dravid stood up against poverty! ~  ~ Rahul Bose stood up against poverty! ~  ~ Kiran Bedi stood up against poverty! ~  Join us on 
 enforced the follow-on.  Few captains do so these days.  Steve Waugh was badly stung in India back in 2001: the game when Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman put on 376 together and India went on to win.  Since then, no Australia captain has taken the supposed risk.  
 of guitar amp with its pretty to use and electrical grounding measurement which makes it very little to operate.  Rahul dravid the timeless steel free  50 swg c program people Google GoogleToolbarNotifier GoogleToolbarNotifier. exe 
 camp.  It was also India's first Test win in nine months following a 0-4 spanking in Australia as the batting stalwarts Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman retired in the aftermath of the series.  The two teams will now travel to Bangalore for the second Test to 
 in their training and foreign exposure.  Other members of the committee include former Indian cricket team captain Rahul Dravid and national badminton coach Pullela Gopichand.  It has been a pleasure to have had the opportunity to work with you and 
 to break.    ICC World Twenty20 – 20th Match, Group 2  Pakistan innings (20 overs maximum)  PERTH: Senior Indian batsman Rahul Dravid on Wednesday rubbished Australian media reports that successive losses in the ongoing Test series has led to 
 match against Zimbabwe in 2003, added Sourav Ganguly to a list of wickets that already included fellow star batsmen Rahul Dravid , the India captain, and Sachin Tendulkar.  That engine is capable of producing at least 455 horsepower, and probably 
 of the series here.  Sachin Tendulkar leads the pack with 14,847 runs - this is also a world record - while Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid , Mohammed Azharuddin and Ajay Jadeja have also scored over 5,000 runs.  Sehwag, who was three short of 5,000, when he 
 Gasbarrini, the developer and a reputed major player in La Cosa Nostra's the southern part of Ontario operations. cccc  Rahul Dravid becomes second highest run scorer inside Test Indian c Mont Blanc Pen Refills ricket has been observe to three types of 
 customers in India and are making steady progress on this front.    Superb knocks by openers Ajinkya Rahane (67) and Rahul Dravid (58) and a cameo knock of 32 by Stuart Binny helped Rajasthan Royals carve out a five-wicket victory over Pune Warriors 
 also had great success at the recent IPL series, playing for the Rajasthan Royals under captain, and Indian legend Rahul Dravid .  Faulkner finished second on the wicket taking leaderboard and managed two five wicket hauls.  Faulkner has also had 
 , 2014.  This match was a star studded one with the inclufion of modern era legends like Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Brian Lara, Shane Warne, Muttaiah Muralidharan, Gilchrist and many more in the list.  As the whole Cricketing World 
 Muralidharan when he was on 44 runs.  But the other opener Aaron Finch from Australia has continued his show.  Meanwhile Rahul Dravid has bowled for a beauty from Paul Collingwood, which was a first ball duck for him.  West Indian Legend showed his class a 
 deserved new surprise.  So, here it is – the sports issue with some great additions – the Smarties hymn, the cricket song, Rahul Dravid's interview, science 'fun'das of the balls used in various sports and a cool 2014 sports exclusive poster – amongst other 
 .  It is also about biology and chemistry – diet, nutrition, fitness, stamina and concentration.  In his interview, Rahul Dravid says, I would have never guessed how important some of the concepts I learnt in physics or biology class would become to 
 .  He promised to raise their issues in Parliament.  Dravid appointed India A, India U-19 coach  Former India captain Rahul Dravid has agreed to become the coach of India A and India Under-19 teams, Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) 
 or changing lanes in traffic, contact a reliable car accident attorney today.  Posts Tagged 'India in England 2011'  Rahul Dravid back in the ODI squad Test specialist Rahul Dravid's surprise recall to India's one-day squad after a gap of almost two 
 car accident attorney today.  Posts Tagged 'India in England 2011'  Rahul Dravid back in the ODI squad Test specialist Rahul Dravid's surprise recall to India's one-day squad after a gap of almost two years, can be seen as an admission by the national 
 20-20 team announced for England Tour Squad: MS Dhoni (capt & wk), Sachin Tendulkar, Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Rahul Dravid , Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, Parthiv Patel (wk), Amit Mishra, R Ashwin, Zaheer Khan, Ishant Sharma, 
 , the Royals romped home with seven balls to spare, making 141 for two in 18.5 overs.  Rajasthan openers Paunikar and Rahul Dravid put up 31 runs for the first wicket.  Paunikar edged a short delivery off Dale Steyn to Sanghakkara behind the stumps.  
 goes up.  Morgan confirms that was leg before before leaving, or else he could have used the DRS for the catch.  Matt Prior c Rahul Dravid b Sreesanth 140025.00Age: 29 Right Handed More..39.5 OUT!  Terrific delivery by Sreesanth to get rid of Prior.  It would 
 straight into the hands of Dravid at first slip.  Three for Sree and the Poms have lost their sixth wicket.  Tim Bresnan c Rahul Dravid b Ishant Sharma 11232047.83Age: 26 Right Handed More..48.2 OUT!  Ishant gets his second wicket and England lose their 
 ball is too wide on the off side for the batsman to make any contact.  End of over 40IND 107/2Sachin Tendulkar* 9(18) Rahul Dravid 39(110) 39.6Tim Bresnan to Tendulkar0Outside off again, Tendulakr leaves it alone for the keeper. 39.5Tim Bresnan to 
 outside off, curling away, Dravid leans and drives it towards point.  End of over 38IND 107/2Sachin Tendulkar* 9(12) Rahul Dravid 39(104) James Anderson into the attack.  37.6Tim Bresnan to Tendulkar0Gets behind the line of the delivery and defends 
 outside off, Tendulkar comes forward and then shoulders his arms.  End of over 37IND 103/2Sachin Tendulkar* 5(6) Rahul Dravid 39(104) 36.6J Trott to Tendulkar1Gets across and works it away for a single to end the over. 36.5J Trott to 
 man fence and gets a boundary.  RD opens the face late and plays it very fine.  End of over 36IND 93/2Sachin Tendulkar* 0(2) Rahul Dravid 34(102) Castrol Index Update – A poke outside off by Laxman and England tastes first success this morning.  But still the 
 Dravid0The ball is too wide on the off side for the batsman to make any contact.  End of over 32IND 83/1VVS Laxman* 52(106) Rahul Dravid 26(86) 31.6Tim Bresnan to Laxman2Stays on the back foot and just times it through the covers.  They get a couple of runs. 
 Bresnan to Dravid0Dravid is pretty solid in his defense, shows the full face.  End of over 28IND 61/1VVS Laxman* 36(93) Rahul Dravid 21(75) 27.6J Anderson to Laxman0VVS shows the full face of the bat and defends the ball off the backfoot. 27.5J Anderson 
 Broad to Dravid0Dravid has played that off the front foot and into the ground.  End of over 25IND 48/1VVS Laxman* 27(82) Rahul Dravid 17(68) 24.6Tim Bresnan to Laxman0Comes down late and dabs it towards cover.  Laxman reacted as if that one stayed low, 
 back. 23.1S Broad to Dravid0Defended off the back foot by the batsman.  End of over 23IND 48/1VVS Laxman* 27(76) Rahul Dravid 17(62) 22.6J Anderson to Laxman0Laxman survives!  That was a tricky one for the Third Umpire.  The delivery went 
 has defended it by getting right behind the line of the delivery.  End of over 21IND 44/1VVS Laxman* 25(70) Rahul Dravid 15(56) 20.6J Anderson to Laxman0Off the back foot, defended towards point. 20.5J Anderson to Laxman0Beautifully 
 Dravid0Delivery angled down, Dravid misses the whip and gets hit on the pads.  End of over 19IND 44/1VVS Laxman* 25(64) Rahul Dravid 15(50) 18.6J Anderson to Laxman0Does the same again but finds point on that occasion.  India have started the day pretty 
 stays back and clips it nicely through mid-wicket.  The timing was superb.  End of over 17IND 32/1VVS Laxman* 21(58) Rahul Dravid 7(44) 16.6J Anderson to Laxman4FOUR!  Gorgeous drive!  Fullish, half volley offered, Laxman obliges with a fantastic 
 lands and zips through, strikes Dravid high on the thigh-pads.  A muted appeal.  End of over 15IND 24/1VVS Laxman* 13(52) Rahul Dravid 7(38) The players are out in the middle.  Dravid and Laxman to carry on for India.  Broad to start off bowling for England.  
 outside off, Dravid gets forward and pushes it towards mid off.  No run.  End of over 11IND 16/1VVS Laxman* 6(40) Rahul Dravid 7(26) You can always check out our COLUMNS tab in the NEWS section for all the articles from our Experts.  10.6Tim Bresnan 
 to Dravid2Stays on the back foot and times it nicely through covers for a couple.  End of over 8IND 12/1VVS Laxman* 5(28) Rahul Dravid 5(19) 7.6S Broad to Laxman0Full and moving away a tad, Laxman leaves it alone. 7.5S Broad to Laxman0Targetting the 
 , Dravid is late in getting down and gets an inside edge which thuds into the pads.  End of over 7IND 11/1VVS Laxman* 5(26) Rahul Dravid 4(15) Destination Trent Bridge!  Check out this interesting COLUMN by Venkat Ananth in our NEWS section.  6.6J Anderson 
 it probing around off, Laxman stays back and defends it towards cover.  End of over 6IND 7/1VVS Laxman* 1(20) Rahul Dravid 4(15) 5.6S Broad to Laxman1Too straight again, Laxman turns it wide of mid-wicket for a single.  He is finally off the 
 . 4.1J Anderson to Dravid0Dravid stays behind the line and plays it towards point.  End of over 4IND 1/1VVS Laxman* 0(14) Rahul Dravid 0(9) 3.6S Broad to Laxman0Fullish and straight on the middle, Laxman leans over and taps it on the leg side.  A maiden by 
 . 1.1S Broad to Dravid0Dravid has played that off the front foot and into the ground.  End of over 1IND 0/1VVS Laxman* 0(5) Rahul Dravid 0(0) Castrol Index update – A dream start with the ball for England as Mukund departs for a golden duck.  The early wicket 
 bound to rise, said Akram.  As the Indian team goes through a period of transition with the retirement of stalwarts like Rahul Dravid , Ganguly and V.V.S. Laxman, Akram said changes should be made carefully and it was high time that the selectors asked 
 , Sourav's name was there.  Also included was the name of another middle order batsman trying to make a name for himself; Rahul Dravid .  India were denied 2 years earlier; this time the team led by Pravin Amre won the trophy, despite losing their league 
 October).  The slow and low bounce pitches made stroke making extremely difficult for the batsmen of all the sides.  Rahul Dravid with his nearly faultless technique was among the very few who scored runs consistently in this tournament.  Not 
 , who has played alongside the likes of Kapil Dev, Navjyot Singh Sidhu, Mohammad Azaruddin, Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid , believes the current Indian batting underneath the leadership of Mahendra Singh Dhoni and comprising Virender 
 .  Tendulkar also disclosed that Chappell had made a shocking suggestion to him to take over India's captaincy from Rahul Dravid months before the 2007 World Cup in West Indies.  Remember, Chappell was appointed ...  Naveen Uraon THE Western Naval 
 !, he said.  Shastri to consult Dravid for talent from India A pool  Mr. Shastri said he would soon consult India A coach Rahul Dravid to identify players who are ready for top-level cricket so as to strengthen an already strong talent pool.  We have a 
 as to strengthen an already strong talent pool.  We have a very good bench strength.  In fact, I am going to have a chat with Rahul Dravid to find out talents, not necessarily been among runs and wickets, he told reporters.  If somebody is getting runs in 
 .  In his very first over in Test cricket he got two wickets and that too of the ever troublesome pair of Gautam Gambhir and Rahul Dravid .  The record is yet to be repeated by anyone in this millennium.  2.  He Once Missed the Team Bus Since He Had Overslept  This 
 Apple head Steve Job resigns - Aug'11  Wall stands tall among brickbats!  Outstanding performance of Indian Cricketer Rahul Dravid - Aug'11  Taarif karu kya uski.....  Tribute on the demise of veteran actor Shammi Kapoor - Aug'11  NO SURAKSHAN FOR 
 the 3rd match to keep the chances of a series victory alive, India chose to bat first on a seaming Headingley pitch.  After Rahul Dravid had weathered the early storm by scoring a defiant century, Tendulkar took over to play an innings that had all the 
 T20 games.  However it was not a great day out for the seniors as they ended up on the lower side of the bids.  They included Rahul Dravid , V V S Laxman, Adam Gilchrist and Andrew Symonds who all ended below the one million mark.  Bollywood actress and 
 uploaded any more videos  @PotatoGrenadesFtw How is he overrated lol  One thing with Kallis: where's the second gear?  Rahul Dravid showed last year in England that he was so much more than a tough stonewaller.  His knocks last year were sensational.  
 seaming all-rounder.  I can even mentor the young seamers.    After having played under the captaincy of Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Irfan refused to pick the best one, terming it would be unfair to them, but hailed the trio for 
 .  Kyrgyz elderly live in hardship  Known as the most respected cricketer of his generation both on and off the field, Rahul Dravid has scored 24208 runs and is the sixth highest scorer in International Cricket; he has also amassed 41,651 runs in 
 rewarded him with another record of highest number of catches (by a non wicket-keeper) 210 in International Cricket.  Rahul Dravid joined Rajasthan Royals in 2011, captained the squad for 2012 and 2013 seasons and is now the Mentor of the team.  Teacher 
 Dishant Yagnik are the performers who have gone beyond their expected limits to hail the Royals flag.  Rajasthan's core Rahul Dravid is the man who is centre of attraction along with Brad Hodge is the real strength of the baling order.  Shane Watson who has 
 master Sachin  the flourishing blade of Laxman  in a world of fast food and short attentions spans of the youth, Rahul Dravid's stonewall defence and perfect technique are a refreshing throwback to days thought long gone.    Posted by macho man on 
 ambassadors including Prince Harry, tennis star Andy Murray, Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton, cricket legend Rahul Dravid , retired NBA star Yao Ming and retired rugby champ Francois Pienaar to raise awareness of and help combat crimes 
 to look for good sites across the Republic of Ireland.    Cheteshwar Pujar feels that getting technical advice from Rahul Dravid help him sort out his weaknesses.  (AFP PHOTO)  Bengaluru: Cheteshwar Pujara is back among the runs and attributes his 
 Pujara is back among the runs and attributes his recent success to the technical advice received from India A coach Rahul Dravid .  Pujara, who was dropped from the playing XI during the Australia tour, has made a grand comeback having scored a 
 team across the line through an unbeaten 45-ball 63 while chasing 155 after an 108-run opening stand with his captain Rahul Dravid .  Rahane, who rued not finishing off the last game against Pune, was clinical in his approach against Daredevils.   
 then they did a very good job, Rahane told www.iplt20.com .  Opener Ajinkya Rahane struck an unbeaten 63 and skipper Rahul Dravid hammered 53 as Rajasthan Royals crushed Delhi Daredevils by nine wickets in the 52nd match of the sixth edition of the 
 Rohrer then added 41 for the fourth wicket and took the total to 78 before the Sri Lankan left, caught by his counterpart Rahul Dravid off Siddharth Trivedi.  His 34 came off 31 balls and included a six and four fours.  Rohrer then found able support from 
 the penalty that was meted out to him by the match referee.  You will find it surprising that a thorough gentleman like Rahul Dravid is a part of these rankings but if you watch his celebration after scoring that famous century against Australia at the 
 received in the first Test and also because of his own patchy form during the first Test.  After he scored the century, Rahul Dravid went on an uncharacteristic bat and helmet waving jig that must have shocked viewers no end.  The innings as well as the 
 draw competition - the proceeds of which was donated to us.  The lucky winner stood to win a sports fan's collectible - a Rahul Dravid personally autographed copy of Timeless Steel, which are collected writings on Rahul Dravid.  In addition we were able 
 fan's collectible - a Rahul Dravid personally autographed copy of Timeless Steel, which are collected writings on Rahul Dravid .  In addition we were able to spread the word about karunashraya and our services and we thank the management and 
 calmness in terms of the way he handles situations, Virat's controlled aggression both as batsman and captain and Rahul Dravid's mantra of keeping things simple on the field as I take over my new responsibility.  Each captain though has his own style, 
 rich tradition of sports also includes badminton, hockey, tennis, aquatic sports et al.  With names like Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid , Mahesh Bhupati, Prakash Padukone, Javagal Srinath etc, Bangalore has always been linked to success in the field of 
 achieve their dreams.  India's only individual Olympic gold medalist Abhinav Bindra, former Indian cricket captain Rahul Dravid and All England Badminton Champion Pullela Gopichand are members of our Board of Advisors.  Our athlete education and 
 the scenes in most of his assignments as a coach.  John Wright started his coaching career at Kent where he was spotted by Rahul Dravid and recommended for the post of the coach of the Indian cricket team.  Wright coached the Indian team for 5 years ( 
 bowler He marked his return in 2008 with his breakthrough series against India, where he dismissed Gautam Gambhir and Rahul Dravid in the same over.  His biggest strength is his flight, guile and the shrewdness to gauge a batsman's weakness quickly.  If 
 he should finally be hailed as one of the game's greats, along with two of his current team-mates, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid .  When does a cricketer cross the invisible line that separates the very good from the truly great?  There is no simple 
 than the windows USB racer criminal by my carrier can hold.  Plz formant compares, I dont knwo if this will point but rahul dravid the timeless steel free for the ability too.  i think the bottom right is that there is no monthly difference between the 
 second highest civilian award, the Padma Vibhushan.  Nobody was named for the Bharat Ratna for this year too.  Cricketer Rahul Dravid made the 24-strong list for the Padma Bhushan . List of Padma Awardees  Joining him was Godrej group chairman Adi Godrej 
 good and stable quality at competitive price to meet requirements from various customers.  Rajasthan Royals captain Rahul Dravid hits over the top for a boundary during the 2nd Qualifer in the Indian Premier League against Mumbai Indians at the Eden 
 against Mumbai Indians at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24, 2013.  Photo by Shaun Roy-IPL-SPORTZPICS  Skipper Rahul Dravid topscored with 43 as Rajasthan Royals posted 165 for six in their 20 overs against Mumbai Indians in the second 
 today, to read the full story, CLICK...  Young cricket leaders and school pupils met cricket legends Steve Waugh and Rahul Dravid in east London this week as...  Thanks Kazzie.  I didnt have to worry long......my Onc called me.  My neutrophil levels are 
 you have till you lose it.  Similarly, we only got to know how blessed our country was to have gems like Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman to be playing at the same time till they called time on their illustrious playing careers 
 in the Great Hall on Wednesday evening, followed by the Assembly's Carol Service on Thursday afternoon.  Dhaka : As Rahul Dravid's side clashed with Bangladesh in the first one-day international here Thursday, a second 'Indian team' played an 
 can access treatment easier and earlier.  Resource Center - Cardiff University  Rahul Dravid-Friend of Karunashraya  Rahul Dravid is change agent for Karunashraya at Cybermedia's C Change 2013 21 – 23 February 2013  Karunashraya was chosen as partner 
 100 CIOs and business leaders from across India.  The theme for the year was 'Agents of Change'.  In a befitting manner, Rahul Dravid , 'Friend of Karunashraya' was invited to speak on 'Leadership' at the three-day event which hosted a Charity Dinner 
 session with Rahul was moderated by veteran journalist Paranjoy Guha Thakurta.  Through his participation, Rahul Dravid reinforced his contribution as a change agent for Karunashraya.  His responses to the session moderator were well 
 of Indian sport.  India's only individual Olympic gold medalist Abhinav Bindra and former Indian cricket captain Rahul Dravid are part of the GoSports Foundation's Board of Advisors.  These legends of Indian sport guide us in executing 
 countries.  India, Pakistan and Australia have the best batsmen in their cricket world cup squads.  Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Sourav Ganguly and Virendra Sehwag are part of the India  Your Guide to the Arts in America!  Your Guide to Cultural Arts 
 .  I had made the point, it took me a while to understand, most of all to myself.  All this was long before I had even heard of Rahul Dravid .  But this little episode was not just a small lesson I treasure and draw strength from even today.  Of all things, it also 
 dark wilds of Rajasthan.  It was the last place I expected to get a message.  The last place I expected to get a message from Rahul Dravid .  He had just read an article I wrote that won a prize, and he wrote me some appreciative words about it.  Who am I kidding, it 
 people suffering from Rheumatoid arthritis have a 40 % higher risk of getting an irregular heart beat and strokes.  Rahul Dravid the second highest run getter in test cricket announced his retirement from International and Domestic first class 
 semi-finals, Spain defeated Argentina 3-2, while Australia defeated Switzerland by the same margin.  A century from Rahul Dravid helps rest of India defeat Mumbai by three wickets and win the TVS Irani Cup at Chennai.  *September 22 The 57th Senior 
 mammoth first innings score of 631/7 (declared).  Darren Bravo,(30 & 136) was the highest scorer of the visiting side.  Rahul Dravid (119), VVS Laxman(176) and Mahindra Singh Dhoni(144) notched up three tons for India.  Pragyan Ojha claimed six 
 Umesh Yadav scalped seven.  Stealing the spotlight from batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar, middle-order batsman Rahul Dravid cracked a majestic century to guide India to 346/5 on the opening day of the second Test against West Indies at the 
 was happier than Ed Cowan, the man who dropped a regulation chance at midwicket when Sehwag had 5.  India were 2 for 31 when Rahul Dravid (1) was bowled for the sixth time in the series, the victim of a strange occurrence when a Ben Hilfenhaus delivery 
 , they did not do effectively in spite of obtaining people of the calibre of Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid in their ranks.  They could not even achieve the semi finals and bowed out instead tamely.  Then at the 2003 Globe Cup held 
 adorned the covers of the 151st edition of the Wisden Cricketers' Almanack? 1) Sunil Gavaskar 2) Sachin Tendulkar 3) Rahul Dravid 4) V.V.S. Laxman 5) Saurav Ganguly  5.  In April 2014, which of the following companies announced that it would acquire 
 of the most feared batsmen in world cricket, forming part of a formidable line-up that also included Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Sourav Ganguly.  Sehwag is widely credited with transforming the role of opening batsman in Test 
  Chasing what appeared to be an easy target of 133 for a win, Rajasthan Royals started on an unsteady note, losing skipper Rahul Dravid , one of their batting mainstays, in the second after after he had made 12 in a total of 13 in the second over.  Ajinkya 
 runs in that inning.  The other three batsmen who have scored more than 13,000 runs in test cricket are Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Ricky Ponting.  Kallis is the only player in the history of test cricket who has scored more than 13,000 runs and has 
 .  terrible dressing red shirt!!  nice video love u Sir.  Dravid......  Some succeed because they are destined to, but Rahul Dravid succeeded because he was DETERMINED to.  Pro Cast designs, manufacaturers and delivers a variety of retaining wall 
 the scenes in most of his assignments as a coach.  John Wright started his coaching career at Kent where he was spotted by Rahul Dravid and recommended for the post of the coach of the Indian cricket team.  Wright coached the Indian team for 5 years ( 
 never a match winner & to say that he is the best ever India produced is under-mining Sunny Gavaskar, Virendra Shevag, Rahul Dravid & Rohith Sharma, which i believe are the best India ever produced.  According to wiki answers (slightly outdated though 
 as he built a team of world class cricketers from scratch without tampering with the core group of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble.  Under Ganguly, India became a combative side who played fearless cricket without a shade of fear in 
 that's what makes him a bit different from others.    Also, he played with some great batsmen like Virender Sehwag and Rahul Dravid at the start of his career and that helped him a lot.    Tendulkar scored a total of 49 hundreds in his One Day International 
 , London last week.  Quite a few greats of the game were in both the teams.  In Lara's team, there was Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Brett Lee etc. while, in the opposition team, there was Shane Warne, Adam Gilchrist, Kevin Pietersen and a few more.  So 
 , Barthakur was quoted as speaking to the media at the event.  Former India batsman and Rajasthan Royals chief mentor Rahul Dravid too expressed happiness over the initiative.  I hope this to be a long partnership, and it is able to raise issues.  RFID 
 and also every month.  Sometimes I feel like I do it every night, said General Manager [...] Read More  Cricket legend Rahul Dravid says it would be great if Pakistan paceman Mohammad Amir could return to cricket after his five-year ban is completed 
 at hasely usa: 12-tim howard, 16-michael orozco, 20-geoff cameron, 5-matt besler, 3.  India under 19 team revels in rahul dravid's presence - Kolkata: the presence of batting legend rahul dravid in the indian under19 camp as their coach is a big boost 
 , 5-matt besler, 3.  India under 19 team revels in rahul dravid's presence - Kolkata: the presence of batting legend rahul dravid in the indian under19 camp as their coach is a big boost for the entire side ahead of the next year's world cup as the squad 
 (BCCI) as a B Grade player.  In 2006, Order Online Mens Jordan 11 Georgetown Low Save Big Discount , even an introvert Rahul Dravid endorsed 12 brands, Buy Cheap Jordan 11 Georgetown Clearance Sale Fast Shipping , appeared in 22 creatives and got 6,48 
 in their last play.  The Wankhede Stadium air will get fiery when these energy packed teams lock horns with each other.  Rahul Dravid's captaincy has enabled the team Royals to make a highly impressive lead in the IPL tournament.  Known for making their 
 mark in the first Test of the series, and is more than 2,000 ahead of his nearest challenger - his long-term team-mate Rahul Dravid , who became only the second man to score 13,000 Test runs on his way to making 82 on Thursday.  A doula is an assistant who 
 and made a huge score hitting five sixes and 12 boundaries.  India on their turn lost two wickets very early but Rahul Dravid came to the rescue and completed the chase partnering with Yuvraj Singh, Sanjay Bangar and VVS Laxman remaining not out 
 make any cricket team proud.  This was the reversal which, in retrospect knocked the much fancied Indian team under Rahul Dravid out of the 2007 World Cup.  Playing in a venue where they had traditionally played well in the past, the star studded 
 ones they encountered in the first two Tests of the four-match series.  Trailing 0-2 ...  Indian stars Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman have turned out to be run machines at Mohali pitch.  The 
 VVS Laxman have turned out to be run machines at Mohali pitch.  The record for the highest run-getter at Mohali stays with Rahul Dravid , also known as ...  Mohali : The suspense over Cheteshwar Pujara's extent of injury ended on Wednesday with teammate 
 interest is that no Indian team or player has been able to perform well at international level to garner attention ...  Rahul Dravid is an Indian cricketer; sorry now it is former Indian cricketer.  It is hard to say word former because I can't see Indian 
 now it is former Indian cricketer.  It is hard to say word former because I can't see Indian cricket team without Dravid.  Rahul Dravid is known for his technique, and had been one of the best batsmen for the Indian cricket team.  In ...  So how did your day 
 Muralitharan, Danniel Vettori did fairly a good job, the batting didn't come out at all.  The big names in World XI ( Rahul Dravid , Brian Lara, Jaques kallis, Inzamam Ul Haq, Virendar Shewag, Graeme Smith) were completely outdone by the spin duo 
 .  Chris Gayle, Virendar Sehwag, Kumar Sangakkara, Jaques Kallis, Brian Lara, Andrew Flintoff, Kevin Pieterson, Rahul Dravid , Shaun Pollock, Danniel Vettori, Shahid Afridi, Makhaya Ntini and Muttiah Muralitharan were in the World XI squad.  
 , which eventually led to their loss.  He emphasised that it was with the other pitch in mind that the Royals captain Rahul Dravid decided to field first, which badly backfired as Mumbai Indians piled up 198 runs.  The Royals however ended up 28 runs 
 against Bangladesh after the third match was washed out.  M.  S Dhoni was declared the Man of the Series.  Anil Kumble and Rahul Dravid are the only Indians to remain on the ICC test ranking top ten list; Kumble stands third in the bowlers table while Dravid 
 XI.  Declaring that he felt like a kid in a candy store to be playing with the likes of Brett Lee, Muttiah Muralitharan, Rahul Dravid and Adam Gilchrist, Pietersen instead looked like he had been made to suck on something rather sour, as he brooded from 
 Championship for the second time at Mexico City.  In a function organised by the AICF at the Ball Room in Taj Connemara, Rahul Dravid showered words of praise on Anand and asked both chess players and non-chess players to take Anand as a role model.  Anand 
 Chanakya Chess Academy. 104 players took part.  Chennai: AICF Felicitates Anand at Ball Room in Taj Connemara on Oct 22.  Rahul Dravid presents Anand Rs.10 lakh on behalf of N.  Srinivasan, President, AICF.  Chennai: IM S.  P.  Sethuraman regains National 
 Service Advertisement (PSA) and Posters on tobacco control featuring Indias ambassador for tobacco control, Shri Rahul Dravid , in New Delhi on March 04, 2015.  The DGHS, Dr. Jagdish Prasad, the Additional Secretary and Mission Director (NHM), 
 the show to have the title.  Royal Challengers team has actually seen 3 captains viz Kevin Pietersen , Kumble as well as Rahul Dravid in a time span of just 2 years.  However after being successful in South Africa, Vijay Mallya, the owner of the team has now 
 was bowled through the gate for the third time in this tournament, and after a brief partnership, Mohammad Kaif and Rahul Dravid too left in quick succession, leaving India tottering at 50 for 4.  Mongia began the resurrection, batting with a calm 
 here Tuesday.  Dubai : Sachin Tendulkar is back into the top-20 of the batsmen's list at the 15th spot while captain Rahul Dravid is the highest rated Indian batsman in eighth place in the latest rankings released by the International Cricket 
 below, if it applies to you.  The rate of return you expect to make from your investment.  Former India captain Rahul Dravid hoped that the youngsters would place up a better show in the five-match ODI run against England and stake their claim 
 placed second with 10 points after three outings.  Chasing a victory target of 121 runs, Rajasthan lost their skipper Rahul Dravid (2) in first over but Rahane and Sanju didn't allow the it to affect their chase and kept them well in the hunt.  The duo 
 scored 47 in the first innings and a spectacular 121 in the second innings, sharing a 199-run partnership with skipper Rahul Dravid .  [ 28 ] He had another brilliant Ranji season the next year, as he piled 775 runs in just 11 innings at an average of 86 with 3 
 ton against Pakistan in Multan in March 2004.  [ 48 ] The innings also contributed to a record partnership of 376 with Rahul Dravid who made 180 and together they survived the whole 4th day.  Laxman's performance was of enormous consequence: India had 
 setting up 2 hundred-run stands.  He scored 148 in the famous Adelaide Test, sharing a triple century partnership with Rahul Dravid , which India won by 4 wickets.  This was their first Test victory in Australia in two decades.  His innings of 178 at Sydney 
 catches (12) by a non-wicketkeeper in an single ODI series.  He shares this record with Allan Border.  [ 71 ]  He along with Rahul Dravid share the world record for the highest partnership(376 Runs) in 3rd innings of a test match for any wicket during a 
 the Adam Gilchrist-led Kings XI Punjab to 160 for nine in 20 overs.  Gilchrist's decision to field first back-fired as Rahul Dravid (28) and Rahane gave the hosts a great start with their 77-run stand.  Dravid, who announced his retirment from all forms 
 will be diverse and I will need to conform.  It will be an alternate test and I need to appreciate it.   On the effect of Rahul Dravid , who was his tutor at Rajasthan Royals, Rahane said, He requests that I keep it straightforward, let me know not to put 
 Muralitharan, Danniel Vettori did fairly a good job, the batting didn't come out at all.  The big names in World XI ( Rahul Dravid , Brian Lara, Jaques kallis, Inzamam Ul Haq, Virendar Shewag, Graeme Smith) were completely outdone by the spin duo 
 .  Chris Gayle, Virendar Sehwag, Kumar Sangakkara, Jaques Kallis, Brian Lara, Andrew Flintoff, Kevin Pieterson, Rahul Dravid , Shaun Pollock, Danniel Vettori, Shahid Afridi, Makhaya Ntini and Muttiah Muralitharan were in the World XI squad.  
 sub-continent as the number one sports brand over the years has also been endorsed by international cricketers like Rahul Dravid , M.S. Dhoni, Shohib Malik and Abdul Razzaq.  Welcoming Jayawardena to Reebok, the Group Managing Director, DSI Group, 
 the following players has completed 16000 runs in One day International Cricket matches recently ? (A) Anil Kumble (B) Rahul Dravid (C) Sourav Ganguly (D) Irfan Pathan (E) Sachin Tendulkar Ans : (E) 43.  The 11th Five Year Plan wishes to raise the 
 Knee injury for a few months and he is not a possibility to return to action at any point of time in the South Africa series.  Rahul Dravid has welcomed the fact that the Bangladesh Cricket Board has sent a pretty strong 'A' team to the tour of India.  
 well against the internationals, they will definitely be able to catch the eyes of the selectors.   Continue reading ' Rahul Dravid has welcomed the fact that the Bangladesh Cricket Board has sent a pretty strong'  Safeway is a chain of supermarkets 
 on a surprise delivery.    The cricketing fraternity came together on Tuesday night to raise a toast for the retired Rahul Dravid .  The India and Deccan Chargers fast bowler is looking at a six-month absence from the game.  I want to talk to him about 
 and its generous people have made his mind to organize wedding ceremonies in the state.  The famous Indian cricketer Rahul Dravid also has made a visit to Rajasthan and enjoyed Rajasthan vacation in a mesmerizing way.  He visited Udaipur one of the 
 as tomorrow.  Botha, who was promoted to number three in the order, received good support from the veteran India batsman Rahul Dravid , who scored 28, while New Zealand's Ross Taylor chipped in with 21 not out.  Storytime with Mama Nel is a highlight of 
 sources of additional revenue to bridge the $148K gap between the School...  By admin , November 12, 2013 8:01 am  Rahul Dravid has defended Indian bowlers and has said that they shouldn't be criticized that much for their ODI performances off 
 himself, or at least some peace within his cricket-playing self.  During the 2004 Champions Trophy, he had sought out Rahul Dravid for a chat.  Younis was not a regular then and Dravid's transformation to greatness was well underway.  It was a 
 me, it was the golden era of cricket with international legends of cricket Shane Warne, Brian Lara, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Coutney Walsh, Waugh brothers, Alan Donald (the list goes on) all at the top of their game.  Our local legends Wasim, 
 ahead of the World League semifinals, Paul van Ass summoned the players and coaching staff to a tiny conference ...  Rahul Dravid his will began his tenure as India'A' coach on Wednesday.  (Source: PTI) India A coach Rahul Dravid has reposed faith on 
 a tiny conference ...  Rahul Dravid his will began his tenure as India'A' coach on Wednesday.  (Source: PTI) India A coach Rahul Dravid has reposed faith on out-of-form Test batsman Cheteshwar Pujara, saying the Saurashtra cricketer is just a big 
 Force before becoming an international player.  In the cricket world cup he achieved 6 wickets against Australia team.  Rahul Dravid also stands in the list of handsome cricketer.  He is also prince charming of many women. 37 years old, Rahul Dravid is one 
 team.  Rahul Dravid also stands in the list of handsome cricketer.  He is also prince charming of many women. 37 years old, Rahul Dravid is one of the experienced cricketers in Indian national team.  He is regular player of Indian team since 1996.  He was also 
 was taken to the hospital where it was revealed that he had strained a muscle in his back.  He did not return to the field and Rahul Dravid captained the side from the 10th over onwards. * Irfan Pathan's figures of 10-1-32-3 are the best recorded by a bowler in 
 Airways while the State Carrier Air India has accumulated losses worth hundreds of crores.  Another leader, Cricketer Rahul Dravid ... who was the captain of Bangalore Royal Challengers (IPL) under his leadership they lost 10 out of the 14 games played 
 20 wickets or more – 21 at an average of 24.80.  # Anderson has bagged 45 wickets (ave.29.24) in 10 Tests against India.  # Rahul Dravid has become the third Indian player after Sunil Gavaskar (127 not out against Pakistan at Faisalabad in 1982-83) and 
 the final overs.  Kevon Cooper: The West Indian was a star performer for the Rajasthan Royals with the ball.  His captain Rahul Dravid often called upon him in the midst of pressure situations and Cooper delivered just about every single time.  He does not 
 the Sept. Young intellectuals maintained that it would not be enough to update China's industry.  17 Responses to  Rahul Dravid last ODI Fifty- 69 runs from 79 balls- India Vs England- 16 Sep 2011  @mrjack123789 it seems that you forget Eng 5-0 loss 
 .  She ranks fourth position among personalities also followed by Mahindra Singh Dhoni(All India 488thrank)and Rahul Dravid (All India 653rdrank)following suit.  Young Bollywood superstar Ranbir Kapoor(All India 654th rank)is in seventh 
 and Ricky Ponting to the landmark by 23 Test innings, joining batting greats Tendulkar, Ponting, Jacques Kallis, and Rahul Dravid in the exclusive club.  He also became the fourth batsman who surpass the 13000-run mark in one-day internationals in 
 , which eventually led to their loss.  He emphasised that it was with the other pitch in mind that the Royals captain Rahul Dravid decided to field first, which badly backfired as Mumbai Indians piled up 198 runs.  The Royals however ended up 28 runs 
 is big.  Sunil Gavaskar, Shoaib Akhtar, Brian Lara, Adam Gilchrist, Allan Donald, Zaheer Khan, Kiran More, Kapil Dev, Rahul Dravid , Saurav Ganguly, Harbhajan Singh and Yuvraj Singh remembered Sachin as the show stealer.  Although aforementioned 
 the Cardinals 14-6 for their 16th win in their last 19 games.  Home - Articles Posted by Abhinav Srivastava  The magic of Rahul Dravid and V.V.S. Laxman batting on the 4th day against Australia at Eden Garden's remains fresh in my mind.  It happened some 14 
 .  [ 8 ]  Sharma gained national attention in a match for India A against the national team at Bangalore, when he dismissed Rahul Dravid , V.  V.  S.  Laxman and Yuvraj Singh.  [ 3 ] [ 9 ] He also played for the Rest of India side, which defeated Mumbai in the Irani 
 in the team's play.  Also Darren Sammy along with Vihari has made their considerable contribution.  The captaincy of Rahul Dravid along with the energetic performance of Ajinkya Rahane and Shane Watson has worked wonder for the Rajasthan Royals.  
 , alcoholism and faith all collide to horrific results in a coastal Russian village when a small family... more  IPL: Rahul Dravid was at the help of the Rajasthan Royals team that contained 3 players, together with S Sreesanth, United Nations agency 
 five fours.  Earlier, Rahane and Watson steadied the Rajasthan innings with a 66-run second wicket stand after skipper Rahul Dravid fell early, in the second over, bowled by Bipul Sharma after making just 4 in a total of 5.  Piyush Chawla claimed Watson's 
 tour was in 2004, when India won the two-match Test series 2-0 and the three-match one-day international series 2-1.  Rahul Dravid's team crashed out in the first round of the World Cup in the West Indies in March and will now try to prove that it is far 
 meeting old friends.  The launch of Crickematics in Bangalore was outstanding and meeting another personal hero – Rahul Dravid – was an awesome experience.  The stampede in the end was a bit unnerving, but Dravid handled it well.  The launch of The 
 28 overs and took 4/100 to help India restrict their arch-rivals to 407 and take a 268-run lead.  After stand-in captain Rahul Dravid enforced the follow on , Pathan tied the Pakistanis down, bowling 12 maidens in his 21 overs to end with 2/26 as India 
 in 12 overs and appeared jaded, he was dropped from the Test team as V.  R.  V.  Singh became the third pace bowler and captain Rahul Dravid scrapped the five bowler strategy.  Pathan only played once in the Second Test, after Sreesanth was sidelined due to 
 and the Top 5 of the All rounder rankings after having spent the previous year on the list.  Despite this, Indian captain Rahul Dravid remained optimistic about Pathan's prospects, stating The number of Man-of-the-Matches that Irfan has won is a 
 Cricket Council (ICC) here Saturday.  Dubai : Anil Kumble is the highest ranked Indian bowler at the third place while Rahul Dravid is the highest ranked batsman at the eighth spot in the latest Test player's rankings released by the International 
 T20 Internationals, during this period.  Special awards in the form of mementos were given to Indian team stalwarts Rahul Dravid (for taking the most number of catches) and Sachin Tendulkar (for completing two decades of international cricket).  
 in the fourth and final Test match to win the series 4-0.  England (Ian Bell 235, Kevin Pietersen 175)-6 dec.  India 300 ( Rahul Dravid 146 not out) and 283.  They then beat India by six wickets in [...]  England Win India Test Series After winning the first 
 , England went 2-0 up over India, at Trent Bridge with a 319 run victory.  England 221 and 544 (Ian Bell 159).  India 288 ( Rahul Dravid 117) and 158 all out.  India had a two day game at Northampton, that turned into the [...]  No 'Just Dessert' In Sticky Claim 
 fielder-bowler combination in the history of Test Cricket.  205 – He has taken 205 catches in Tests, only five behind Rahul Dravid in the list of most catches in Test cricket.  374 – His innings of 374 against South Africa at Colombo in 2006 is the 
 follow the example of these successful men and use Gillette products.  Indian viewers were exposed to Mr.Dependable Rahul Dravid , conveying to the customers the benefits of shaving with a Gillette.  Not only this Gillette ensured that steps taken by 
 Bangladesh tour is also being billed as a revenge series of sorts, resulting in heightened interest.    Led by skipper Rahul Dravid Indian cricket has landed in Dhaka Monday.  A small collection of historic postcards of Welwyn village  The Old Police 
 the third injury scare for the Indian team in the last few days, following Sachin Tendulkar's twisted ankle and captain Rahul Dravid's nose injury during the preparatory camp in Kolkata.  Tendulkar has been rested for the three-match ODI series, and will 
 bowler Mashrafe Mortaza Thursday who was suffering from a back spasm.  India's confidence is high, but as captain Rahul Dravid pointed out, there are areas that need improvement.  Former India captain Ravi Shastri, the team's interim cricket 
 a win-win situation.  But IPL has no said rules coming true there is always something unusual to experience.  Captain Rahul Dravid in this IPL season is being able to bring his team in the top order of IPL ranking with his efforts.  Stuck on no.2 with three 
 from this match.  Ajinkya Rahane in the top order showed some impressive play against the Pune team along with Rahul Dravid .  Rahane scored a smashing fifty against Pune in the last match.  Shane Watson along with youngsters Stuart Binny and 
 , who have performed amazing feats with their bats in IPL, include Shikhar Dhawan, Yousuf Pathan, Yuvraj Singh and Rahul Dravid .  The new season of IPL is being awaited for the new records to be set and old ones to be broken.  City of Pittsboro Police 
 20th 1996 - two young Indian cricketers were handed over the Indian Test cap for the very first time.  Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid replaced Navjot Sidhu and Sanjay Manjrekar in the XI at Lord's against England.  Indian cricket would never be the same.  
 if accommodation is needed.  If there has ever been a gentleman cricketer in modern times then it would have to be Rahul Dravid , who embodied fierce determination and a will to win.  Now that cricket's Iron Man has retired you might find it 
 about this great cricketer.  Last but not the least is the immensely high pedestal at which the Australians have placed Rahul Dravid not only because of his unbelievable cricketing skills but also because he was a thorough gentleman.  The Aussies are 
 Shane Warne and Glenn McGrath when he retired.  9.  A Local Tournament in Bangalore is named after Him  As you may expect, Rahul Dravid is one of the biggest icons of the city of Bangalore and quite aptly there is a tournament that is named after him in his 
 tournament and it is not something that is recognised by the cricket board but that is not the point is it?  Looking at Rahul Dravid ' demeanour and attitude people might sometimes forget that he used to be a child as well at some point of time and during 
 dressing room and waiting for his turn to bat.  You would agree it must have calmed his nerves a lot.  Next in at number 7 is Rahul Dravid's weakness for one of India's most famous dishes- the celebrated Chicken Tikka Masala.  When India went to play Pakistan 
 meals as well, which by the way is only natural.  6.  Other Than His Parents his Coach is His Greatest Influence  Watching Rahul Dravid - both on and off the field- is an education for any youngster because of the dignified way in which he carries himself and 
 without being too loud.  Now, it must have crossed your mind once in a while as to who were the influences in the moulding of Rahul Dravid into the man he eventually became.  He considers his parents as being a great influence, which is understandable but 
 life he got from the man through sports.  5.  Dravid Was Once Voted the 'Sexiest Indian Sports Personality'  At number 5 is Rahul Dravid's achievement of being named the 'Sexiest Indian Sportsman' back in the year 2005 when the award was initially 
 makes him a Tamil by descent and not a Marathi or a Kannadiga.  3.  The Story behind His Nickname  At number 3 is the reason why Rahul Dravid is called 'Jammy' by his friends, relatives and acquaintances.  Now the reason why he is called 'Jammy' is not because he 
 the cricket team of his school in addition to the hockey team, which makes it the highest ranking item in these rankings.  Rahul Dravid used to be an extremely skilled forward in school level hockey and captained his school in the sport and it might 
 make any difference to the team.  Recently, after winning the second One-Day International against Sri Lanka, captain Rahul Dravid said that the current squad was the best and we did not need to make any changes.  This clearly shows the reputation that 
 been a profitable pitcher in the elimination of night time watchman Ishant Sharma in the early morning session, nicely Rahul Dravid set (77) in the afternoon.  Dravid attained his 50 % century when he led pacem still left-arm Mitchell Johnson for four 
 the MCC XI which will be captained by the former Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar.  A couple of other Indian players i.e. Rahul Dravid and Yuvraj Singh would also play for the MCC XI.  May Allah (swt) shower his blessings and mercy upon all of you and your 
 mentally because physically, I don't see any difference, he said.  However, this mental aspect is the area where coach Rahul Dravid's presence makes a lot of a difference, feels his junior namesake.  I have always felt that there is no substitute of 
 already captured the Gandhi-Mandela trophy.  South Africa will play for pride, but a victory  Virender Sehwag thanked Rahul Dravid , Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly for their help in shaping up his illustrious career.  Former India captain Rahul 
 Dravid, Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly for their help in shaping up his illustrious career.  Former India captain Rahul Dravid heaped praises on the recently retired Virender Sehwag and said the opener, who was once feared by new ball bowlers 
 October 8, have expressed concerns to West Indies [...]  LONDON, July 16, 2014 (LAUREUS) – Legendary Indian cricketer Rahul Dravid has been elected the newest member of the Laureus World Sports Academy, a unique collection of the world's greatest 
 Ajinkya Rahane said he would like to imbibe Mahendra Singh Dhoni's calmness, Virat Kohli's controlled aggression and Rahul Dravid's simplicity when he leads the side in the upcoming series.  Antwerp: The Indian women's team's chances of qualifying for 
 & charismatic approach to Sales?  Join the most Awarded Holden Dealer in Australia - City Holden City Holden is the ...  Rahul Dravid 233 & 72 Not Out Vs Aus in Adelaide 2003: youtu.be/OeTaa04H0s8 via @YouTube Great game of #cricket, unforgettable # 
 beat Justin Gatlin to the World Championship, before declaring his love for Irish cricket. ...  Former India captain Rahul Dravid on Monday came out in support of the continued presence of Associate nations at the cricket World Cup, saying the 
 helping India beat Bangladesh by an innings and 239 runs in the second Test to win the series 1-0.  Dhaka : India captain Rahul Dravid said Sunday that his team emerged from a lose-lose situation to win the One-day International (ODI) and Test series 
 Australia by the Prime Minister of Australia.  Delivering the Bradman oration in December 2011, Indian cricket great, Rahul Dravid , said: The people of both our countries are often told that cricket is the one thing that brings Indians and Australia 
 to give India a vital 49-run lead.  Sachin took 3 for 10.  In the second innings, India team was bowled out for just 113 with Rahul Dravid (37) being the top-scorer.  South Africa chased down the target with 4 wickets to spare.  In the next game at Bangalore, 
 it would be faster than the National Broadband Network During the Pakistan tour, at times when captain and vice captain Rahul Dravid and Virender Sehwag were absent, Yuvraj was the on field captain, indicating that he may be seen as a potential captain 
 are made of hand selected English willow cleft designed to give superb and durable bat performance.  RSD Series means, Rahul Dravid Series of SG Bats.  This series is also known as wall series.  Bats made in RSD series are lightweight in nature and give 
 in the world.  During the World Cup in 1999, CEAT also instituted the 'CEAT International Cricketer of the World Cup' and Rahul Dravid was the recipient of the award in acknowledgment of his outstanding cricketing performance in the championship.  The 
 d) TATA Answer.  (c)  52. which one of the following appointed as Brand Ambassador of Nepal Cricket Association? a) Rahul Dravid b) Sachin Tendulkar c) Mahendra Singh Dhoni d) Virat Kohli Answer.  (c)  53.  Which one of the following is the maker of 
 ) 5) Vasuki Sunkavalli (India)  7.  Who became the first cricketer to play in 100 Test wins on September 3, 2011? 1) Rahul Dravid 2) Sachin Tendulkar 3) Ricky Ponting 4) Shane Warne 5) Kumar Sangakkara  8.  The India International Bank (Malaysia) is a 
 would've been jobless. - @Witticisms_ 5m  Alok Nath was the first person to call Parle as ParleG! - ?@iAnkurMishra 23m  Rahul Dravid was Alok Nath of Indian Cricket team. - @JAmmuRaa 2m  Alok Nath once blessed wheat farms and now we have Aashirwaad atta - @ 
 in cracking line.  He thirteen furnaces in his extraordinary 189-ball knock.  Suresh Raina scored 86 with 14 fours and Rahul Dravid produced a strong 77, but India still not received the head.  Johnson, dismissing openers Gautam Gambhir and Virender 
 Tendulkar  New Delhi : Retiring legend Virender Sehwag today thanked his former India captains Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble along with iconic Sachin Tendulkar for their guidance during his illustrious [...]  New York : The chants 
 fielding was substandard and in India's case, the wicket-keeping was right out of some third-rate horror movie.  Rahul Dravid may give the team an extra batting option, but he remains an exceptionally poor wicket-keeper who sooner or later is 
 between Hashim Amla and Jacques Kallis at Nagpur in February 2010 for the third wicket.  268 between Virendra Sehwag and Rahul Dravid at Chennai in March 2008 for the second wicket.  Unbeaten 259 run partnership between VVS Laxman and MS Dhoni at Kolkata 
 , January 1997.  1415 runs in 22 tests by Sachin Tendulkar  1162 runs in 12 tests by Virendra Sehwag  1132 runs in 18 tests by Rahul Dravid  1087 runs in 13 tests by Jacques Kallis  947 runs in 17 tests by Sourav Ganguly.  643/6d by India in 153.0 overs at Kolkata, 
 23 lost 43 Tied 1 No Result 6 35.07 win percentage Sourav Ganguly 146 ODIs won 76 lost 65 -- No Result 5 53.90 win percentage Rahul Dravid 79 ODIs won 42 lost 33 -- No Result 4 M.S. Dhoni 181 ODIs won 101 lost 65 Tied 4 No Result 11 60.58 win percentage Virat Kohli 
 on hooding.  The great Indian Batsman, sachin tendulkar, has said that it is almost impossible to replace a player like Rahul Dravid .  He said that he has never seen a cricketer as dedicated as Rahul Dravid.  He was the world's most technically correct 
 it is almost impossible to replace a player like Rahul Dravid.  He said that he has never seen a cricketer as dedicated as Rahul Dravid .  He was the world's most technically correct batsman.  According to Tendulkar, Dravid's retirement has left such a 
 space which could never be filled.  Tendulkar said that Dravid's approach towards the game was incredible.  In March, Rahul Dravid decided to retire from the test cricket.  He had already retired from the limited over versions of the game last year.  
 decided to retire from the test cricket.  He had already retired from the limited over versions of the game last year.  Rahul Dravid scored the maximum number of runs batting at the position of number 3.  He was so rock solid in his defence that he was given 
 fans.  He was also called Mr. Reliable and Mr. Dependable.  Tendulkar said that he enjoyed sharing the dressing room with Rahul Dravid .  He said that Rahul was a great player and more importantly a great individual.  On being asked about India's disastrous 
 Facebook page and blog!  Dear Brainwave, I like your magazine very much.  In your January 2014 issue, I enjoyed reading Rahul Dravid's interview.  I loved The Smarties, The Dark Spell 3.  The Bouncing Balls article was the best.  Ask Us Why was nice too.  So, I 
 innings), Vijay will be better.  He is an excellent fielder and did well in the only test he has plyed in so far.  On the Rahul Dravid comment, I'm not sure if we are looking for hidden agenda when there could be none it is very unlike Dravid to drop subtle 
 researches in the field of medicine.  He also stressed on the importance of team work by quoting a very famous quote from Rahul Dravid and thanked everyone for their support.  Spandan 2015 team has received letters conveying best wishes from President 
 30, 2014.  Who did he succeed to become the Test cricket captain of India in 2008? a.  Sourav Ganguly b.  Anil Kumble c.  Rahul Dravid d.  Sachin Tendulkar  6.  Who was the winner of the inaugural South Asian Women's Invitational Volleyball Championships 
 an opening stand of 213 with Wasim Jaffer (73) and an unbroken second wicket truck lite off road lights hip of 255 with Rahul Dravid who was unbeaten on 65 not out.  If (the league is) going to start getting into the way of who I want to play and when I want to 
 it came to the captains, Sehwag said: I want to thank my first captain Ajay Jadeja and other captains Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble.  I want to thank Sachin Tendulkar.    There was no mention of Dhoni, though.  Sehwag also mentioned about the 
 conservation issues.  Other ambassadors who have pledged their support so far include Andy Murray, Lewis Hamilton, Rahul Dravid , Francois Pienaar, Leicester Tigers and Hans Sarpei.  While animals continue to be killed by criminals and species are 
 Sania Mirza, MSDhoni, .Sachin Tendulkar, Priyanka Chopra, Anoushaka Shankar, .Viswanathan Anand.  Koneru Hampi and Rahul Dravid .  All achieved success with their hard work and their family background is middle and upper middle class.  A Career 
 2013 betting controversy made that the second Most Searched item in Google Zeitgest, making cricket and cricketers Rahul Dravid , Sachin Tendulkar, M S Dhoni and Chris Gayle in other most searched lists of the year.  Pardies made by indie YouTube 
 . http://www.action8cricket.com Read more about 2020 cricket world cup N/A  In this blog you find information about rahul dravid and his one dayer , test carriar , his biography , his records and much more... http://rahuldravid12.blogspot.com 
 his close aide Chhota Shakeel and some cricketers, including S Sreesanth, as accused while Rajasthan Royals' captain Rahul Dravid has been made a witness.  Besides them, the other...  Read More  Defending champions India will take on arch-foes 
 , Facebook, Johnson & Johnson, Deloitte, Kotak Group, Outlook magazine, Taj Hotels, Dr. Reddy's, Bloomberg UTV, Rahul Dravid , Reliance ADAG, Marie Claire magazine, People magazine, SlideShare and Anurag Kashyap's Phantom Films.  Most people 
 by the current Iloilo Young Designers' Council president, the talented Jet Salcedo.  Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid said that he could not have asked anything better from his boys who defeated Mumbai Indians by a massive 87-run margin in 
 left for Bangladesh Monday to play one-dayers and a Test series beginning Thursday.  The squad that left with captain Rahul Dravid was the team for the ODI (one-day international) series.  Players Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly left for their 
 Mukund departed in the second over, lobbing a simple catch to Marlon Samuels at gully off the bowling of Rampaul, while Rahul Dravid did not fare much better, contributing five before edging a fine delivery from Sammy to wicketkeeper Carlton Baugh.  
 :In addition, Cocktail Dress For Cheap , make sure you have a actual DOSBox such as one from the official website:  While Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman have bailed India beyond more hopeless conditions in the past, batting on the last day at Lord's against 
  Hit them first.  Riseup Ultimate is a great source for learning some sound fundamentals.  When Indian cricketing legend Rahul Dravid was asked how some batsmen go on to become run machines.  He simply said Humility in preparation.   Be ready to ask 
 for live updates]  Partly Cloudy then Chance Rain  Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), a week ago, declared that Rahul Dravid has consented to mentor the India A and Under-19 squads prompting boundless appreciation.  Previous India skipper 
 has consented to mentor the India A and Under-19 squads prompting boundless appreciation.  Previous India skipper Rahul Dravid yesterday that he is exceptionally upbeat to have found the job to help India A and Under-19 squads furthermore 
 found the job to help India A and Under-19 squads furthermore precluded taking the post of Indian Cricket team coach.  Rahul Dravid to coach Under-19 Cricket team  It's a critical stage for any player – being a part of India A, U-19 squads.  I am extremely 
 utility rates are structured.  Ministry of Health and Family Welfare announces former Indian cricket team captain Rahul Dravid as brand ambassador for its National Tobacco Control Campaign ahead of the Conference.  LEED EBOM at History Colorado 
 make any difference to the team.  Recently, after winning the second One-Day International against Sri Lanka, captain Rahul Dravid said that the current squad was the best and we did not need to make any changes.  This clearly shows the reputation that 
 support him.  He was a great batsman and a captain for australia, but I dont feel like supporting him.  On the other hand Rahul Dravid will be leading Rajastan's team, making RR the team I'll be supporting this season.  We, the Syrian Civil Defense teams 
 Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar has said in his autobiography that Indian batting legends Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid are not match winners.  Sri Lanka forced to postpone Premier League due to absence of Indian cricketers The absence of 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 huge praise for their exploits on the pitch.  It seems India has filled all the voids left over after the departure of Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Saurav Ganguly in the batting department.  Considering the fading days of Harbhajan Singh, Ashwin has 
 make any difference to the team.  Recently, after winning the second One-Day International against Sri Lanka, captain Rahul Dravid said that the current squad was the best and we did not need to make any changes.  This clearly shows the reputation that 
 member of the TOPS' identification committee which includes eminent sports personalities like Pullela Gopichand, Rahul Dravid , Abhinav Bindra and MC Mary Kom.  Awards and Honours: Arjuna award (2003), Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award (2004) and 
 would have got better anyway ... which proposed that talent is a myth ...  Overage business is dangerous and toxic: Rahul Dravid – Sports – Overage business is dangerous and toxic: ... What were the coaches doing until the boy got to that age – 
 Indian cricket team, Sourav Ganguly, is banned for six matches by the ICC Match Referee for his team's slow over-rate.  Rahul Dravid is named the new captain of the Indian team.  BSF(Jalandhar) wins the 110th All India Beighton Cup hockey tournament, 
 by Mahela Jayawardena, taking the retiring former Sri Lankan captain's tally to 202 Test catches – only eight behind Rahul Dravid , who holds the record for the most catches (210) taken by a fielder other than a wicketkeeper.  strengthen party 
 swimming, Ian Thorpe, the Australian Olympian at the time caught my eye.  Recently, I've had the opportunity to meet Rahul Dravid whom I've always admired.  He's a wonderful person.  I'd met him a couple of times casually and one random day, he says,  
 was selected for his first Indian squad in August 2004 for the ODI team, after the selectors decided to cease using Rahul Dravid as a makeshift wicket-keeper and also due to the poor form of alternative wicket-keeper Parthiv Patel.  [ 11 ] He played 
 made 407 and Pakistan almost broke even, replying with 393.  In the second innings, Karthik scored, combining with Rahul Dravid in a 166-run partnership to set up a target of 422.  This proved too much for the tourists on the deteriorating pitch and 
 and blended India's finest to extraordinary deeds, none more so than that sacred day in March 2001 when VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid set the stage for the best dig out from a deficit triumph of current times, against an Australian group balanced for an 
 took a cap trap against the Australians in 2001 at this ground.  Additionally in the 2000-01 season VVS Laxman (281) & Rahul Dravid (180) empowered India to have one of the best dig out from a deficit triumphs against the then title holders Australia.  
 Samman from the Government of Madhya Pradesh [ 66 ]  2011 – NDTV Indian of the Year's Lifetime Achievement Award with Rahul Dravid [ 67 ]  Lifetime Achievement Maestro Award by the Whistling Woods International Institute.  [ 68 ]  Donna Ferrar, Member 
 with Ganguly the possibility of him coming on board a while back, while Tendulkar and former India No. 3 batsman Rahul Dravid were also sounded out informally.  Thakur, it is learnt, wanted Dravid to be part of the committee but the latter, 
 of their Vision 2020 programme.  The CAB assignment involves Laxman spending 30 days a year with trainees in Kolkata.  Rahul Dravid , Ravi Shastri, Sunil Gavaskar and Anil Kumble are some of those who missed out on being in the advisory committee.  Have 
 in the advisory committee.  Have they been earmarked for other roles?  TOI takes a look at what lies in store for them...  Rahul Dravid : The reason being attributed to Dravid's absence from the advisory committee is that he has 'other commitments.  ' 
 , Gambhir's opening partner, close friend and captain for the match, to call him 'The Second Wall' in reference to Rahul Dravid .  He then scored 167 in the second innings of the Third Test to give India an unassailable lead, but rain helped the New 
 , brancussi, was anybizsoft pdf to word full417.exe keygen a few writers and joins his exile.  And even the music rahul dravid timeless steel ebook.zip that he went down.  A dangerous truth from wagnerian opera houses and is a young women in short 
 players can do this intuitively with out extensive practice.  Watch how the experts do the basics.  Michael Vaughan, Rahul Dravid and Ricky Ponting are classic stylists, and wonderful models for junior players to copy.  But, they didn't turn out to be 
 sub-continent as the number one sports brand over the years has also been endorsed by international cricketers like Rahul Dravid , M.S. Dhoni, Shohib Malik and Abdul Razzaq.  Welcoming Jayawardena to Reebok, the Group Managing Director, DSI Group, 
 he has captained, however his team is akin to the one of Ponting's early time at the helm with the likes of Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , and VVS Laxman on the cusp of retirement.  And the man who will face off against Ponting this summer, England's Andrew 
 international arena.  With the likes of other great batsmen like Sachin Tendulkar, Ricky Ponting, Sanath Jayasurya, Rahul Dravid , South African All-Rounder Jacques Kallis his contribution to the World cricket and also for his Sri Lankan Cricket is  
 feast didn't stop when Pakistan declared at 679/7 in the First Test between India.  Indian Openers Virendar Shewag and Rahul Dravid put up 410 run stand for the 1st wicket.  This is the second best for the 1st Wicket as they fell just three runs short.  
 Company manufactures a wide range of sports goods.  SG cricket bats the choice of many of the World's best players like: Rahul Dravid , Suresh Raina, Virender Sehwag and enjoying the quality and accuracy of cricket equipments . Making of these top grade 
 in ODI Cricket.  In the world of cricket, there are many great and legend batsmen like Ricky Ponting, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Jacques Kallis and many more.  So here we mentioned Top 10 Batsmen Who Slapped Most Sixes in ODI Cricket in our article.  
 Player of the Series award in the India-West Indies Test series organised from November 6 to 22, 2011 ? 1) VVS Laxman 2) Rahul Dravid 3) Darren Bravo 4) Ravichandran Ashwin  45.  Who among the following was named as the Women's Athlete of the Year by the 
 .  If they want to take it away, I am happy to give it away.   The wicketkeeper-batsman took over the ODI mantle from Rahul Dravid after India's group-stage exit from the 2007 World Cup in West Indies and is considered the country's greatest skipper 
 comments  rahul dr4avid a truely legend. thank u so much dravid to make our country proud. if anybody hates this rahul dravid then he is none other than mentally retarded person. no one can replace u dravid. thank u so much for making our child hood 
 retarded person. no one can replace u dravid. thank u so much for making our child hood memorable.  I have been a crazy Rahul Dravid Fan since i was in my 6th std and I am 27 and the madness for RAHUL DRVAID still continues, I have watched this video like a 
 : Excellence Piece of Work , Viewed your all videos, but this one founded to be the best.  The pledge tailor made for Rahul Dravid .good work!  I dont want to be Super Star but better than THAT ,just wanna be.....  Me Rahul Dravid.  Appreciate the 
  tailor made for Rahul Dravid.good work!  I dont want to be Super Star but better than THAT ,just wanna be.....  Me Rahul Dravid .  Appreciate the beautiful video...  GOD BLESS!  This is EPIC.  I wonder what Rahul Dravid's reaction would be to this!  HEz 
 THAT ,just wanna be.....  Me Rahul Dravid.  Appreciate the beautiful video...  GOD BLESS!  This is EPIC.  I wonder what Rahul Dravid's reaction would be to this!  HEz juzz soooooooo Amazing... !!!!!!!MY hero My inspiration...!!!!  RAHUL DRAVID.!!!!!  
 what Rahul Dravid's reaction would be to this!  HEz juzz soooooooo Amazing... !!!!!!!MY hero My inspiration...!!!!  RAHUL DRAVID .!!!!!  THQxx atish for suj a beautiful vedio... dis really made me cry....!!!!  #happybirthdayrahuldravid What a 
 promoting itself heavily to boost its business in the country.  The company launched the Red Pulse Cricket shoe with Rahul Dravid , Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Raut, Amit Singh and Stuart Binny in Jaipur and Parthiv Patel, Manpreet Gony, Tanmay Mishra 
 and strung up in public. he and his brothers had always had to go to their mother for pocket money,Nike Air Max, said Rahul Dravid , It is life.  If the Coalition is to survive for long,Toms Shoes Outlet,The tables are about to turn. one of the assembly 
 Shane Watson was barred from opening the innings as Swapnil Asnodkar who changed Paunikar opened the batting with Rahul Dravid .  But Dravid, Asnodkar, Watson and Taylor fell in succession and put the Royals in losing condition but youthful Ashok 
 from Australia was named ODI Player of the Year, Sri Lankan captain Mahela Jayawardene was named 'Captain of the Year'.  Rahul Dravid the Indian cricket captain was named captain of the World Test Team of the Year in the Hyundai International Cricket 
 a few examples of how YourCare Medical Supply strives to provide the best possible service.  Indore, 14 April, 2006: Rahul Dravid and Suresh Raina of the Indian Cricket team took time off the field to meet with and appeal to the young people of India to 
 country and we need to do everything in our power to protect them from this disease and its impact on their lives, said Rahul Dravid .  Convened by UNICEF with UNAIDS, and involving partners from every sector of the international community, Unite for 
 alongside Monty Panesar.  Swann made an immediate impact when he dismissed Gautam Gambhir in his third delivery and Rahul Dravid in his sixth in December 2008 in India being the only cricketer in Test history after Richard Johnson to take two wickets 
 Virender Sehwag make a north face outlet 70% off composed 65.  But Shelter returned to take the essential wickets of Rahul Dravid and Mohammad Kaif inside the last 10 overs, aiding restrict the host nation to a overall of 249.  McGrath got into the must 
 Shows; News; Spotlight; No channels found Channels for you ibaworldtour; H+ The Digital.  We spotted Shah Rukh Khan and Rahul Dravid at the opening ceremony of University. . music Aisha and Rahul (2009) - IMDb Aisha, a typical desi girl, brought up in the 
 or petrol stations in Peru, it was toilets in Tokyo or ice-cream in Indonesia.  The write-up even pulled out a term used by Rahul Dravid himself during the Bradman Oration he delivered last month and said it turned out to be the self-mocking description 
 the Team India, and especially against the famous five of Indian cricket – Sachin Tendulkar , Sourav Ganguly , Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Anil Kumble.  If these three ex-captains and one current, are capable of deciding others' fate then why 
 and experience.  Or else you can well imagine the scenario if all the three big guns of Indian batting – Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and V.  V.  S.  Laxman – are out in one go, says the flamboyant wickekeeper of yesteryears who played for India in 46 Tests 
 his side half the match to round up India a second time, and had taken two choice wickets in the form of Virender Sehwag and Rahul Dravid before the close.  Against a nation that has a well-entrenched fascination, even obsession, with individual 
 forest communities visible to governments, stand up for their land rights and in the process reduce deforestation.  Rahul Dravid net worth & biography:  Former Indian cricketer.  He's captained team India for over 2 years in both test cricket and one 
 batsmen of team India.  Additionally he's second Indian and third foreign player to 12,000 runs in test cricket.  Rahul Dravid is the only player who has competent to score a century in all ten playing countries.  Rahuls dad (Sharad Dravid) worked 
 this himself got another nickname as Mr. Dependable.  During the 2003 world cup, lone cause India managed to finals was Rahul Dravid .  Himself was the vice captain of the team and served his team by picking up the wicket keeping gloves to adapt another 
 of his grabs are taken for the reason that cordon and become the most successful slip catcher ever.  On 9th March 2012, Rahul Dravid declared his retirement from international and first class cricket.  Cricket Rahul yet slated to appear in the 2012 
 , and forged a good partnership with another debutant (Sourav Ganguly) and he managed to score 95 runs because innings.  Rahul Dravid has a fantastic stats in both ODI and test cricket.  They will have two kids; Samit (11yrs old) and Anvay (5yrs old).  He's 
 Sir Garfield sobers trophy in 2004.  Arjuna attained the title of ICC test player of year in 2004.  Looks like we don't have Rahul Dravid awards information.  Sorry!  Anounced his retirement from international cricket on 9th March 2012 in a press 
 the first innings by becoming just the fourth Indian to carry his bat through after Sunil Gavaskar, Virender Sehwag and Rahul Dravid , was quickly reminded of the glorious levelling nature of cricket as a peach from Dhammika Prasad bowled him for a 
 runs), Australian cricketer Ricky Ponting (13,378 runs), Jacques Kallis from South Africa (13,289 runs) and India's Rahul Dravid (13,288 runs).  Earlier in December 2014, he had achieved another feat by becoming only the fourth batsman to surpass 
 stylish batting style, Kohli is highly popular among the Indian youngsters.  He has proved to be a great substitute for Rahul Dravid and has been contributing in team's victories in great deal.  He is the most dangerous batsman of the world in 2013.  A very 
 tags did create a sensation and multi-second sellouts online (the Mi 3 came to India [...] Review: Asus ZenFone 2 – The Rahul Dravid of Smartphones Asus had surprised us all very pleasantly with the ZenFone 5 last year. ...  http://www.sonymusic.com/ 
 will be telecast.  Any one can tell me channel name or websites name for watching live match  Hello whre is graet player rahul dravid he is one of the best palyer in indian team wall of indian team wher ?????????  Can i see the highlights of this match?  
 by medium-pacer S Sreesanth in the sixth over when the Royals were on 39.  Earlier, powered by a brilliant 65 by skipper Rahul Dravid and a quickfire 40 by Stuart Binny, Rajasthan Royals piled up 165 for seven after opting to bat first..  The Daredevils 
 .  Few in the recent past have managed that feat, while others have ingloriously failed trying.  After all, who can forget Rahul Dravid getting repeatedly bowled in Australia and being a pale shadow of his former self?  Who can forget Kapil Dev delaying his 
 Test.  Vijay played in the Second Test in Mirpur in Laxman's No. 5 position, scoring 30.  In the same match, No. 3 batsman Rahul Dravid was injured after being hit under the jaw by a bouncer, so Vijay then played in Dravid's position in the two-Test home 
 of the Afro-Asia Cup beginning here Tuesday has lost much of its sheen after crowd pullers like Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid opted out, apparently to take some rest between the national team's hectic international commitments.  Paris : Roger 
 be open to insights and input from young adults?  What changes are needed to enhance our global ministry and structure?  Rahul Dravid Training at the MCG Outdoor Nets  wow, give him a short one, can't the Aussie supporters just leave him alone, he's 
 Fan  Although it is a given that almost all Indian cricketers are supposed be fans of Sachin, Gavaskar, Kapil Dev or Rahul Dravid , to name a few it is not the case with MS Dhoni.  The Indian captain idolises the former Australian great Adam Gilchrist 
  He also introduced India's strategy of playing 3 fast bowlers for the first time along with the brilliant move of making Rahul Dravid the wicketkeeper which allowed the team the luxury of seven batsmen.  There have been many famous triumphs under him and 
 find greater pleasure in watching Thierry Henry, a Frenchman who captains a London club, Arsenal, than in watching Rahul Dravid turn out for India.  The boys in his class who aren't fixated on Arsenal are obsessed with Manchester United and someone 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 with Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar, Vasu Paranjpe, and the famed 'class of 98' (with Sourav Ganguli, Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Tendulkar himself).  The formal book release saw Tendulkar present the first copy to his first coach and 
 gazing India at the end of the 3rd working day.  The onus is on Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly and his ever-reliable deputy Rahul Dravid to save the Check.  This partnership ... Continue reading →  Ferrous Sulfate Information and facts ForFamily and 
 through the journey.  With a more than capable support cast, can M.S. Dhoni succeed where more illustrious names like Rahul Dravid and Saurav Ganguly failed?  everyone please post your replies  Jul 9, 2015 . 1: Water pipe/hand pipe friendly!  Thats 
 ]  Javagal Srinath counts among the few fighter cum gentlemen in Indian cricket in the same league as Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble, and Robin Singh.  Among his best friends was former teammate Anil Kumble.  Srinath and Kumble got married 
 , in many matches he came to bat as third and fourth batsmen along with top order batsmens Azharuddin, Ajay Jadeja and Rahul Dravid .  Javagal Srinath has won five Man of the match awards in ODI cricket.  [ 28 ]  New Zealand lost 4 wickets for 38 runs  Sri Lanka 
 by former India lefthander Amoy Khurasiya at Indore, Khan is now revelling under the tutelage of Indian batting legend Rahul Dravid who is the coach of U-19 side.  Besides being hardworking, Khan today showed why he's a good learner as well.  After being 
 between Urban Local Bodies and the BBMP, the initiative has taken a simple idea and made it trendy enough for the likes of Rahul Dravid , Milind Soman and Raghu Dixit to endorse it.  They provide a package which includes 2 plastic buckets or 'bins', colour 
 .  Zaheer's high point came in the 2007 India's tour to England.  Being the spearhead once again, the pacer helped skipper Rahul Dravid earn a famous 1-0 series win.  Zaheer's seam presentation was top-notch and he went on to trouble the England batsmen at 
 the economy grows, costs of weather variability can be expected to increase accordingly.  By index , May 10, 2015 5:46 am  Rahul Dravid reckons the main reason behind the success of the Rajasthan Royals over the last two seasons is the fact that the team has 
 got Sachin Tendulkar The Master Blaster who has experience of playing 4 Cricket World Cups with Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid .  He has experience of handling all kinds of pressure situations.  We also have two finest finishers of the game as Yuvraj 
 to become strong contenders for the 2015 World Cup.  Notables such as South African skipper AB de Villiers and India's Rahul Dravid head a worldwide [...]  08/02/2015 / Comments Off on Disaster plants seeds for Black Caps dream / Read More  LONDON: 
 dancer Alarmel Velli, are among the nineteen people named for the Padma Bhushan.  Sportspersons Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid , Anju Georger and Dilip Tirkey; actor Anupam Kher; cartoonist Sudhir Tailang; and singers Hariharan and PS Jalota are 
 brought a number of Nazi war criminals to justice, most notably Adolf Eichmann.  * February 22 Indian cricketer Rahul Dravid wins Sony Television's International Sports Personality of the Year award for the year 2003.  Former Pakistan cricket 
 classy reply to Glenn McGrath, after embarrassment of hit in the head  08:54:56 Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman look back at journey  04:13:16 VVS Laxman 107104 India vs Pakistan 5th ODI at Lahore 2004  06:28:35 
 against England 4.  He has the highest test catches to his credit (a) Sourav Ganguly (b) Adam Gilchrist (c) VVS Laxman (d) Rahul Dravid Answer: (d)  98.  Which one of the following statements is wrong (a) Anjum Chopra will lead the Indian team in the 
  2.  Who amongst the following made the 41st Test Century of his career recently ? (A) Saurav Ganguly (B) V.  V.  S.  Laxman (C) Rahul Dravid (D) Sachin Tendulkar (E) None of these Ans : (D)  5.  Which of the following is NOT a part of India's Money Market ? (A) Bill 
 last month and had advocated legalising betting to earn revenue and prevent cheating.  Law Minister Kapil Sibal, Rahul Dravid and Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley were invited as speakers but they were unable to attend the 
 'em), Cocktail Dresses Online . These kinds of batsmen also helped a smaller amount aggressive players similar to Rahul Dravid become effective oneday batsmen with No.  The meal here is unapolagetically southern customs fareyou will step 
 Speaker of the Lok Sabha.  Ms. Kiran Bedi is the first Indian to be appointed as United Nations Civilian Police Advisor.  Rahul Dravid (playing test against Pakistan in Pakistan, April 2004) became the first Indian cricketer to make double centuries 
 opener while Wriddhiman Saha was taken as the second wicket-keeper.  Kolkata, May 25 (IANS) Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid has indicated that he will retire from the Indian Premier League, after the Champions League...  Published in Friday 
 made with the thought of legends To help Indian Team Sachin , Ganguly and VVS laxman as members of Three members council.  Rahul Dravid as a Coach of India A and under 19 team coach.  He joined the BCCI Board of Control for Cricket in India in 1979, with 
 know).  Shoaib Akhtar was bowling fast and furiously, a toe breaking Yorker which got the leg stump technically perfect Rahul Dravid cartwheeling to Moin Khan, was followed by a roar, as Sachin walked on to the pitch.  We were all smiles our tried and 
 for samsung wave is not possible properly because National cannot recommend smart update firmware dvd 9.20 drivers Rahul dravid the timeless steel free Amateur repeaters of HR heuristics are going beyond your traditional role, and are now 
 and took eight wickets in the Asian Test Championship in Calcutta including the two key wickets of Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid .  Shoaib Akhtar performed very poorly in the 2003 World Cup and thus was dropped from the Pakistan squad thereafter.  
 .  If Shane Watson will be involved in Rajasthan Royals then it will turn into significantly much more formidable.  So far Rahul Dravid , Johan Botha has completed very good task with the bat and Shane Warne is top from the front, so issues appears vibrant 
 , Group Stage match, Port of Spain  This was the reversal which, in retrospect knocked the much fancied Indian team under Rahul Dravid out of the 2007 World Cup.  Playing in a venue where they had traditionally played well in the past, the star studded 
 of the sacred rules of copybook cricket.  If ever there was a modern pioneer of such a brand of cricket, it would be Rahul Dravid .  And when you see the same man mentoring a team in the IPL, you know the league isn't just glitz and glam.  Speaking of 
 were back in the pavilion by the time the team reached three figures in the 15th over.  It took the arrival of the sedate Rahul Dravid to restore sanity to the proceedings.  He played second fiddle to an aggressive Yuvraj and after his departure took 
 to throw their wickets away!  Before moving on to the scorecard, will someone please tell me how long India will use Rahul Dravid as a wicket-keeper?  Once again, he was less than adequate behind the wicket, conceding ten byes and not looking the 
 what happened at Peshawar - Pakistan were able to stage a recovery after having most of the top order shot out cheaply. * Rahul Dravid had a less than memorable time behind the stumps, conceding ten byes and also missing a few routine gatherings.  How long 
 forgot to mention the hordes of insects that literally pestered the batsmen and fielders once the floodlights came on.  Rahul Dravid got one in his eye and play was held up while he was attended to. * There was a moment of drama when Shoaib Akhtar seemed to 
 wins.  They will be hoping to get back to winning ways on Wednesday.  For me, the turning point of the match came when Rahul Dravid came out to bat.  Until his arrival, India had been scoring rapidly but losing wickets.  Had Pakistan dismissed Dravid, 
 swung lustily at the first delivery he faced, missed it altogether and saw four runs added to the total as wicket-keeper Rahul Dravid missed it as well.  The bowler, Sachin Tendulkar, was enraged but Akhtar had the grace to look sheepish as he managed a 
 party they host.  Please contact Thrive Alabama to plan your party today.  Dravid Claims ODI Series Is Important To India  Rahul Dravid has said that the upcoming One Day International series in England is important for the Indian players especially for 
 heads a team of sporting stars backing the campaign including Wimbledon champion Andy Murray, India's former batsman Rahul Dravid and retired South African rugby captain Francois Pienaar.  As lead ambassador I'm very proud to also be part of an 
 dismissal for Dhoni (and definitely no last ball sixes from him!), the city of Mumbai celebrating in jubilation as Rahul Dravid threw his cap in frustration durting a do-or-die game last year or egging on Gautam Gambhir as he tries to sledge Indian 
 in the cotswolds.  What infrastructure is Stobart's funding.  On Sachin, Dravid, Laxman: It was never tough captaining Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Anil Kumble or Sachin because they are good people, they are honest.  In Dot Complicated, she spells out 
 many runs, that last over was a roller coaster of emotions for all the Royal Challengers fans...  At the end, alls well.  Rahul Dravid is loved by all again.  The fire crackers in Bangalore finally were lighted!  Much required, good win by Bangalore by 3 
 but, as it had to be...  Bangalore lost by 10 runs.  The only consolation, this is the closest Bangalore has got to a win.  Ask Rahul Dravid , he says, we are gelling as a team... we should get things working now and win all the games we play from now on.  Duh!  What a 
 15 in the T20 tournament, I am left with one question in my mind.  What does MS Dhoni, Saurav Ganguli, Shane Warne have that Rahul Dravid seems lacking?  Barring MS, all other captains are Dravid's peers or perhaps a little senior.  So, the argument of age and 
 , http://www.usedjewelrysell.com . Article Source: http://www.ArticleBiz.com  Kolkata : Team India skipper Rahul Dravid sustained injury on his face Saturday during the practice session of the ongoing conditioning camp at the Eden Gardens 
 defeat was their worst margin in IPL.  Rajasthan Royals kept up their dominating performance at home and, after skipper Rahul Dravid won the toss, a strong batting performance raised their hopes.  Dravid (21) departed early in the fifth over after being 
 , specifically a person like Pat Cummins, he mentioned.  I would have loved to see him go at it with Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman.  It would have been a genuine sight to see - the actual youthful gun likely up in opposition to the older, 
 four top scorers in Test cricket are Sachin Tendulkar (15,921), Ricky Ponting (13,378), Jacques Kallis (13,289) and Rahul Dravid (13,288).  In his Test matches career till date, he has scored 38 centuries and 51 half-centuries.  Sangakkara is also 
 the human genome.  Name the private sector company which was in this race?  149.  For which electronics brand does Rahul Dravid model?  150.  Ceat.  This tyre company gives the cricket ratings.  To which group does this company belong?  1.  Pepsico has 
 equivalent of the Pakistani Chagai Hills? 18.  Pokhran  19.  What is common to Clinic All Clear, Pepsi, Nippo, Reebok? 19.  Rahul Dravid endorses all of them  20.  Who made the popular T.V. serial Malgudi Days? 20.  Shankar Nag  21.  Who owns a little known 
 new adline is 'I Can'? 39.  Nike  40.  Which cricketer is nicknamed 'Jammy' because his father used to work in Kissan? 40.  Rahul Dravid  41.  His middle name is Fauntleroy.  His father's name is Quackmore.  Who? 41.  Donald Duck  42.  He made his debut as a stunt 
 right close by the homerun sticks, b-balls and soccer balls in America.    Twenty six players including any semblance of Rahul Dravid , Glenn McGrath, Jacques Kallis, Adam Gilchrist, Sourav Ganguly, Brian Lara, VVS Laxman and Wasim Akram are liable to 
 bases of New York, camisa portugal feminina , Los Angeles and Florida'Master of delaying the shot till the last minute' Rahul Dravid and Sanjay Manjrekar discuss Brian Lara's techniqueThe greatest rivalry never playedColin Benjamin: What if South 
 Test will thus be fourteen, he added.  Indian Team: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (capt), Virender Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan Singh, Amit Mishra, Zaheer Khan, Ishant Sharma, M Vijay, Pragyan Ojha, S 
 iPod time is going to be very limited, k? :-) Good question!  Reply Posted by Keri on 6/9/2010 12:27:01 AM  A Biography Of Rahul Dravid has 133 ratings and 9 reviews.  Nitin said: The language is classy and sophisticated to match up, as it were, to reflect 
 on Michael Clarke's struggling facet from the outset on Boxing Day.  Their Big 3 of Sachin Tendulkar, VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid put in high quality time in the center in their apply match towards a Chairman's XI facet in Canberra on Friday.  The 
 in fielding.  Also, he is the player to have played the maximum number of test matches as a captain.  The Indian batsman Rahul Dravid is the next person on the list.  His patience and dependability earned the titles of The Wall and Mr Dependable and 
 Ganguly from the Indian squad, his popularity graph in Kolkata only soared, and did not fall; contrast this to what Rahul Dravid faced from the Eden crowd in November 2006, and one realises that Dhoni as a leader combines the grace of Bradman, the 
 RMP consisted of 3,974 birds (adults and cygnets).  Dravid retires from international cricket  Indian Batting great Rahul Dravid , the second most prolific batsman in the game's history and India's middle order bulwark for years, on Friday bid adieu 
 all known of women within our own or someone else's family who have suddenly had to become the domestic equivalent of Rahul Dravid , the proverbial wall, providing support to a crumbling edifice.  Men take both success and respect for granted.  When 
 part of the South's defense against its neighbor's nuclear and missile threat, her office said.  Former India captain Rahul Dravid has agreed in principle to become the coach of the India Under-19 and A teams, BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur confirmed 
 and A teams, BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur confirmed during a board advisory meeting on Saturday.  The good news is that Rahul Dravid has agreed to coach India A and India Under-19 in the future, Thakur said.  Dravid's first assignment will be a 
 bowling attack would provide little challenge to any good club line-up.  Worse still, with the honourable exception of Rahul Dravid , the vistors looked weary and totally disinterested.  Like Sri Lanka before them, they posed no serious threat to a much 
 find greater pleasure in watching Thierry Henry, a Frenchman who captains a London club, Arsenal, than in watching Rahul Dravid turn out for India.  The boys in his class who aren't fixated on Arsenal are obsessed with Manchester United and someone 
 , and always a bit of banter between supporters of rival teams, or, uniquely with India, between fans of Rahul Dravid and Tendulkar.  Better still, you could hook up your PC to your big screen television and watch, thus incurring the wrath 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 be Brian Lara whose teaming up alongside Sachin Tendulkar will be a predictable crowd puller, Brett Lee (Australia), Rahul Dravid (India), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (West indies), Saeed Ajmal and Umar Gul (Pakistan) and Australia ́s Aaron Finch, 
  Hit them first.  Riseup Ultimate is a great source for learning some sound fundamentals.  When Indian cricketing legend Rahul Dravid was asked how some batsmen go on to become run machines.  He simply said Humility in preparation.   Be ready to ask 
 ave.106.50) is a record by any batsman against Australia in four Tests in Australia, eclipsing the 619 (ave.123.80) by Rahul Dravid in 2003-04.  # His aggregate is an Indian record in a Test series vs Australia and the fourth highest by an Indian player 
 639 runs in seven innings, Virat Kohli became the highest Indian run-scorer in a Test series in Australia, surpassing Rahul Dravid , who scored 619 runs from eight innings on the 2003-04 tour.  Captain Virat Kohli broke a plethora of records while 
 .  He is often seen in discussion with the captain, at times actively involved in building strategies.  Former captain Rahul Dravid publicly acknowledged that Tendulkar had been suggesting moves such as the promotion of Irfan Pathan up the batting 
 temporary, had an immediate effect on the team's fortunes.  In 2007, Tendulkar was appointed vice-captain to captain Rahul Dravid .  [85] During the Indian team's 2007 tour of England, Dravid's desire to resign from the captaincy became known.  The 
 cricketers commented that Dravid's declaration was in bad taste.  [88][89] After India won the match, the captain Rahul Dravid stated that the matter was spoken internally and put to rest.  [90]  Tennis elbow then took its toll on Tendulkar, leaving 
 for his comments made to the media.  [94]  At the World Cup in the West Indies, Tendulkar and the Indian cricket team, led by Rahul Dravid had a dismal campaign.  Tendulkar, who was pushed to bat lower down the order had scores of 7 (Bangladesh), 57 not out ( 
 the oldest player from a Test playing country to make his debut in the shortest format at 39 years 20 days.  India's Rahul Dravid was the previous oldest to make his Twenty20 debut at 38 years and 232 days when he played against England at Manchester 
 in the original 1993 release, the 2002 Game Boy Advance re-release added a variation of this concept back into the game.  Rahul Dravid begun his international career in 1996 and played his last Test against Australia in 2012.  (Source: PTI)  Former India 
 international career in 1996 and played his last Test against Australia in 2012.  (Source: PTI)  Former India cricketer Rahul Dravid on Thursday went back in time as he shared a video, a compilation of his childhood memories through his 'Mother's 
 as he shared a video, a compilation of his childhood memories through his 'Mother's Scrapbook'.  Let us look back on Rahul Dravid's first steps (quite literally) in cricket..  What made him take up the game??   he posted on his Facebook page.  Dravid was 
 of United states of america golfers exactly like Sachin Tendulkar, T.  Ings Dhoni, Virender Sehwag, Gautam gambir, Rahul Dravid and plan to put on polarized clean tiff 004057-07.  Oakley sunglasses may be theoretically sophisticated and 
 best opportunities to perform at the top level.  Under the expert leadership of legendary players Shane Warne and Rahul Dravid , the team has gone on to impress the cricketing world with its consistency, strength and positive attitude.  After the 
 been consistent on the field with honours in 2008 and 2013 led by legends of cricket and great captains, Shane Warne and Rahul Dravid , respectively. 2013 was a remarkable year for Rajasthan Royals as the team played outstandingly well to reach the IPL 
 essay arguing that, as we reflect on the al Qaeda attacks nine years ago this weekend, Americans should muster the.  Rahul Dravid's journey to his first and last T20 international - Oh.  Board Workshop, Public Hearing and Regular Meeting  The Board of 
 skills will still come into their own or not.  There is no question that he will learn some good skills from his mentor, Rahul Dravid in this regard.  His cricket game, however, shows somewhat of an underachiever.  He is known for making mistakes, and he 
 career with a comedy show and at the end of the show she also disappears somewhere into the dark.  Question 7 questions for Rahul Dravid for a radio show – You have been one of the most successful captains of team India  Regional language TV & Radio are not 
 141st Test, becoming the eighth batsman but first Sri Lankan to achieve the milestone.  Sachin Tendulkar, Brian Lara, Rahul Dravid , Ricky Ponting, Allan Border, Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Jacques Kallis are the others who crossed the 11,000 Test 
 sixes and thrice finding the ropes.  New Zealander Ross Taylor, who walked into the middle after the fall of the 'wall' Rahul Dravid in the 14th over with the score at 102, finished the game on a winning note, with a four to remain unbeaten in a 62-run 
 with Uthappa.  Though the tournament's top scorer Jacques Kallis got out cheaply for 8 in the third over, the dependable Rahul Dravid and new opener Sridharan Sriram steadied the innings from 11 to 83 in 11 overs and put on a commendable 72-run 
 .  Sportspeople already signed up as Ambassadors of the campaign include David Beckham, Andy Murray, Lewis Hamilton, Rahul Dravid , Samuel Eto'o, Yao Ming and Francois Pienaar.  Poaching and the illegal wildlife trade have increased dramatically 
 and final ODI against South Africa.  Ravi Shastri, Indian cricket team director, says he will consult India A coach Rahul Dravid on the junior players, who can make it to the senior side.  Ravi Shastri has said that Mahendra Singh Dhoni's record in 
 past, it was the best in the test arena that commanded the respect of supporters.  Consider the admiration afforded to Rahul Dravid ('The Wall'), by no means flashy or exciting as a player, but in every sense a professional with an uncanny ability to 
 series in England remains one of the India's best performances overseas in recent memory and under the captaincy of Rahul Dravid the team responded brilliantly to win the 3 Test series 1-0, thanks to a thumping victory in the second Test at 
 all high scoring draws and so the final Test at Jamaica became the series decider.  On an uneven pitch at Jamaica, captain Rahul Dravid held the team together in both the innings with scores of 81 and 68 in this low scoring game.  India scored 200 in the first 
 the first session and help India reach 127 for one at lunch on the first day of the first Test against New Zealand.  Rahul Dravid was the other not out batsman at the lunch break.  Sehwag and Dravid put on a 273 runs stand for the second wicket which has 
 passionate about climbing and supporting the cause of cancer.  Innovation extends to celebrity engagement too.  Rahul Dravid , 'First Friend of Karunashraya' donated signed personal and replica memorabilia at an auction in aid of Karunashraya 
 and in the Indian team -born in Indore  Swar Kokila Lata Mangeshkar – The Nightingale of Bollywood was born in Indore.  Rahul Dravid – Indian cricketer – Born in Indore  Salman Khan – Born in Indore and spent childhood up to five years here.  Johnny Lever – 
 in Meerut UP the sports center of India.  SG Cricket has been endorsed by legendry cricketers VVS Laxman, Suresh Raina, Rahul Dravid .  After the foundation of 80 years, SG makes an identity all over the world.  This brand is trusted brand in india.  There 
 top selling SG cricket bats from khelmart which is given below #1 SG RSD Select English Willow Cricket Bat 'The Wall – Rahul Dravid ' designed RSD select cricket bat which is traditionally lightweight bat.  This bat is made from the highest quality of 
 . #5 SG RSD Pro English Willow Cricket Bat The SG RSD Pro English Willow Cricket Bat is part of the Wall series designed by ' Rahul Dravid '.  This bat is prepare for seniors who are over the age of 14 years.  This SG bat is suitable for intermediate to advanced 
 with HIV and AIDS) she strives to give voice and courage to HIV infected people.  Teacher's awared for their efforts  Rahul Dravid and Mr. Scindia spent time with a large gathering of young people, telling them about UNICEF's Unite for Children, 
 its victory in tri-series ODI matches against Australia played in March 2008 ? (A) M.S. Dhoni (B) Anil Kumble (C) Rahul Dravid (D) Saurav Ganguly (E) Sachin Tendulkar 21.  Mr. Nicolas Sarkozy who was the chief guest during the Republic Day 
 Ninan  There is a room where a press conference is on.  Inside the room you can see TV crews hotly arguing with each other.  Rahul Dravid is coming out of the room very angry.  Someone inside the room is saying, Speaking of walkouts, Dravid will make a good 
 next in line is Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who has US $50 million.  After that comes Yuvraj Singh with US $30 million, and then Rahul Dravid with US $20 million, and fifth on the list is the up-and-coming Virat Kohli with US $5 million.  Robert and Martin were 
 (14) were at the crease at the half-way mark.  The two wickets to fall were those of opener Shane Watson (5) and skipper Rahul Dravid (17, 2x4).  Asked to bat first, the home team began on a quiet note, with Watson and Rahane managing only five runs in the 
 News India & the World.  Midday keeps you updated with the recent sport news headlines. mid-day.com  Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble depose before Lodha Commission Former India captains Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble 
  Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid, Anil Kumble depose before Lodha Commission Former India captains Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble along with yesteryear zeenews.india.com  NEW DELHI: He has no qualms in admitting that football is 
 friendship.  Among the winners of the Padma Shree award were Indian cricket captain Sourav Ganguly, cricketer Rahul Dravid , singer A Hariharan, actor Anupam Kher, Tamil film-maker Bharati Rajaa, Mohiniattam exponent Bharati Shivaji, 
 in the hanger area.  Christian Louboutin Pumps Grey.  Former Indian captain and one of the greatest batsmen of all times, Rahul Dravid , has praised the young Indian middle order batsman Virat Kohli and said that he has been hugely impressed with the way 
 clobber Nicky Boje out of the ground.  Sachin Tendulkar did not make many, but his five boundaries delighted onlookers.  Rahul Dravid added 130 with Ganguly, reviving memories of the day at Lord's just three summers ago when the two had made their 
 after-taste.  But that has so often been the story of Indian cricket.  India 253 for 5Â in 50 overs (Sourav Ganguly 97, Rahul Dravid 54; Lance Klusener 3 for 66) lost toÂ South Africa 254 for 6 in 47.2 overs (Mark Boucher 34, Jacques Kallis 96, Johnty 
 .  The seniors used to send me on the boundary for fielding and I used to get batting once all seniors got out.:D  Posted by: rahul dravid fan on December 7, 2009 12:58 AM  China's fast-growing pharmaceuticals market is proving attractive to many foreign 
 interesting to listen to how when he took on the job of Coach to India he met the differing needs of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Zaheer Khan and MS Dhoni.  The wealth of experience and knowledge he has gained from over twenty years of 
 a ball through covers only added to his aura.  When Dhoni played his first ODI in December 2004, Ganguly, Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were all in the squad.  In 2007, he took a team of boys to South Africa to play another kind of world cup–the World T20–and 
 have not been able to set-up form of winning finances computers.  But it is not to be sniffed during. native indian chief Rahul Dravid for instance is regarded as judged in [url=http://www.fitchme talseng.com/_images/]Nike  Transgender ladies 
 .  Sreenath Arvind and Pankaj Singh are the names that will be finalizing the teams bowling segment.  The thinker captain Rahul Dravid has turned the Royals into the most potent team of this IPL season.  After their 87 runs win against Mumbai Indians that 
 own line of commemorative bottles for its Lemon Lime and Bitters (LLB) soft drink.  New Delhi : India's cricket captain Rahul Dravid has been recommended for the country's highest sports award, the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna, for the second time, the 
 .  The new India captain belted 20 boundaries in his 230 ball knock to take his run total for the series to 646, bettering Rahul Dravid's previous record of 617 in 2003-04 for the most runs by an Indian batsman in a series in Australia.  More: 
 Pune in the last year's IPL ranking will be looking forward for a better score and rank this season.  Team lead by the Wall, Rahul Dravid needs a little more than just luck to be in the winners list.  Ajinkya Rahane who scored 560 runs in the last years IPL score 
 , Former players say time has come to take out Mahendra Singh Dhoni as Test skipper and senior players like VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid should plan their timely retirements,I think time has come unpick Dhoni as the Test skipper as he is not enjoying his 
 is doing Dravid and Laxman and India must look for their alternatives before the next series abroad,You cannot expect Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman to keep on repeating what they did at the Eden Gardens about ten years ago.  These folks young then and are 
 Advisor and Author, Ram Charan and none other than sports icon and former captain of India's cricket team – the Wall, Rahul Dravid .  While Charan addressed the issue of 'leading in uncertain times', Dravid spoke about what it took to be a leader and the 
 their organisations and sharpening their antennas and making their organisations a part of the transformation.  Rahul Dravid , meanwhile, talked about how success was all about concentration and focus, taking the step-by-step approach, 
 (107 wins) and Ricky Ponting (165 wins).  Mahendra Singh Dhoni had started his captaincy in 2007 after he took over from Rahul Dravid .  Since then under his captaincy, Indian Cricket team has won 2007 World Twenty20, CB Series of 2007-08, Asia Cup 2010, 
 Miracle.  Superstition or not, Feng Shui works.  Even as you read it, our boys in blue are getting ready for the World Cup.  Rahul Dravid , the captain of the team, will take fresh guard for each new player.  Mandira Bedi will wear the same sari she believes 
 runs with a boundary.  The marvelous 183 he scored againstSri Lanka in Taunton is still remembered by his ardent fans.  Rahul dravid once said that on the offside there is god and then there is Saurav da, he is well known for his sweetly timed cover drives 
 Ganguly and Chappell were summoned to a BCCI board meeting in which they agreed to work together for the good of the team.  Rahul Dravid was appointed captain for the series againstSri LankaandSouth Africaafter Ganguly was not selected for the opening 
 LankaandSouth Africaafter Ganguly was not selected for the opening games due to injury.  When the two series got over, Rahul Dravid was asked to continue as skipper.  He played in the first two Test matches in the three-Test series againstSri Lanka.  
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
  Hit them first.  Riseup Ultimate is a great source for learning some sound fundamentals.  When Indian cricketing legend Rahul Dravid was asked how some batsmen go on to become run machines.  He simply said Humility in preparation.   Be ready to ask 
 , a 50 Meters catwalk and garden installations.  Over his career entire career, Kallis faced 28,903 balls, next only two Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar.  Longchamp He was dismissed 240 times, wooden Means he faced 120 Deliveries, on average, per 
 passion they carry through their life every single day.  Some of my very special friends Sachin Tendulkar, VVS Laxman, Rahul Dravid , M S Dhoni and Virat Kohli...these are wonderful examples of Indians with great passion.    Days of action to protect 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 heads a team of sporting stars backing the campaign including Wimbledon champion Andy Murray, India's former batsman Rahul Dravid and retired South African rugby captain Francois Pienaar.  As lead ambassador I'm very proud to also be part of an 
 founded by Adelle Renaud and Beccy Anderson.  For India, the talking point was Zaheer Khan's fitness, or lack of it.  Rahul Dravid said he was fit enough to play once the team was announced, but Nike Air Force 1 Low Norge that he had felt a twinge as part of 
 may end – his son Stuart was given a Test cap under him – other past stalwarts such as Anil Kumble, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman have lucrative contracts with IPL franchises, or have connections with firms managing players etc, 
 at regular intervals.  The only impressive innnigns came off from the man who won the ICC Cricketer of the Year award, Rahul Dravid .  He scored 75 runs off 71 balls.  Danniel Vettori captured 3 wickets.  The Man of the Match Award went to Ricky Ponting for 
 skyroc...  gocricket.com - The Indian bowlers had a difficult day at Leicester on Saturday.  Former India captain Rahul Dravid's appointment as a consultant for India's upcoming five-match Test series in England has trickled...  qz.com - British 
 game, there is a perspective, balance and tolerant objectivity right through the book.  Thus, if they lavish praise on Rahul Dravid for his batting or the wondrous all-round skills of Garry Sobers or the incomparable slip catching of Bobby Simpson, 
 drawn two of their 11 overseas matches and with a team in transition after the retirement of greats Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman, are struggling to find consistency on foreign shores.  The visitors did not win a single game on their 
 Indians, pacer Dhaval Kulkarni (3-18) was the pick of the bowlers.  Kulkarni accounted for both the batsmen - he had Rahul Dravid (5) caught behind by Dinesh Karthik and then had the in-form Ajinkya Rahane caught at midwicket.  Watson and Binny added 
 Gandhi International Stadium here Friday.  In their must-win match, Rajasthan Royals performed badly after skipper Rahul Dravid opted to bat first.  Dravid top scored with 39 as Rajasthan Royals struggled to get 126 for eight in 20 overs, their lowest 
 43-run stand for the seventh wicket to take the team home safely.  Pankaj Singh also picked up two for 34.  Royals skipper Rahul Dravid said the slow track made runs scoring tough.  You play a good game and sometimes a batsman comes out and plays an 
 out of the play-offs, that's the fact, we have to play well in the remaining three, he said.  Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid lauded the bowlers for the win.  Happy about winning, and the way we are playing.  I thought the bowlers really delivered 
 a step behind Rajasthan on the basis of net run rate.  Opting to bat first, Rajasthan Royals rode on a good show by skipper Rahul Dravid's 46 to pile up 177 for six in their 20 overs..  And some tight bowling by Johan Botha (2-21), Shane Watson (2-22) and Shaun 
 from 10 matches.  Opting to bat first, Rajasthan Royals, riding on a 71-run stand for the first wicket between skipper Rahul Dravid (52) and Ajinkya Rahane (42), scored 141 for six in 20 overs.  Daredevils' left-arm spinner Pawan Negi triggered a 
 Stadium here tonight.  Chasing a huge target of 190, Rajasthan Royals could manage only 143 for seven, with skipper Rahul Dravid's fighting 58 off 42 balls going in vain.  The loss was the 2008 champions first loss in four matches at home in the season.  
 , was seen hugging the Australian cricket legend during the third All-Stars cricket match in Los Angeles on Saturday.  Rahul Dravid has been lauded as a man with vision and for helping the youngsters in the Under-19 grow as cricketers.  Free driving 
 in size yourself.  After the final of the Champions League T20 in New Delhi on Sunday, Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid gave an emotional farewell speech to his teammates, towards the end of which he remembered his father who passed away in 
  There's the economy for the start: risking your savings is all the scarier in the current c...  Rajasthan Royals captain Rahul Dravid hooks a delivery during their match against the Delhi Daredevils at the Ferozeshah Kotla Stadium, Delhi on April 6, 
 at regular intervals.  The only impressive innnigns came off from the man who won the ICC Cricketer of the Year award, Rahul Dravid .  He scored 75 runs off 71 balls.  Danniel Vettori captured 3 wickets.  The Man of the Match Award went to Ricky Ponting for 
 of Telangana  Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg won 2014 German Grand Prix  Irishman Rory Mcllroy won British Golf open 2014  Rahul Dravid elected as member of Laureus World Sports Academy  127 th edition of Durand Cup football tournament to be held in Goa in 
 a year that feeds the illegal trade.  It is supported by a host of star names, including Andy Murray, Lewis Hamilton, Rahul Dravid , rugby world cup winner Francois Pienaar and basketball superstar Yao Ming, whose campaign against shark finning is 
 feast didn't stop when Pakistan declared at 679/7 in the First Test between India.  Indian Openers Virendar Shewag and Rahul Dravid put up 410 run stand for the 1st wicket.  This is the second best for the 1st Wicket as they fell just three runs short.  
 in July.  [url=http://www.m2ca.fr/plesk.php?doudoune-moncler-pas-cher/]doudoune moncler pas cher[/url] Rahul Dravid then snapped up an astonishing catch at slip - his 200th in tests - as Harbhajan ripped the ball on to the edge of Dale 
 changes to their franchises.  Both were not happy with their respective team captains.  Mallya sacked his captain, Rahul Dravid , and replaced him with Kevin Pietersen, whom Mallya bought for a whopping Rs.6.61 Crore.  With the launch of IPL last 
 .  Morning tamil hot movie 18 all.  Helluuur thurrrr, I'm Lola and this is my first blog entry so it's kind of like ummmm....  Rahul Dravid has been a great inspiration for me not only as a la liga jornada 9 cricketer but also as russell brand audiobook a human 
 centuries in successful fourth innings run chases in November 2011? 1) Hashim Amla 2) Graeme Smith 3) Ricky Ponting 4) Rahul Dravid 5) Sachin Tendulkar  7.  Who was reelected as the Presid-ent of Liberia in November 2011? 1) Joseph Boakai 2) Gyude Bryant 
 3) Tania Sachdev 4) Nisha Mohota 5) Padmini Rout  12.  Who is the first player to take 500 catches in Test cricket? 1) Rahul Dravid 2) Adam Gilchrist 3) Mark Boucher 4) Kumar Sangakkara 5) None of these  13.  Joe Frazier died of liver cancer.  In which of 
 Karjakin of Ukraine holds the record of being the youngest GM ever at the age of 12 years and seven months in 2002.  *July 2 Rahul Dravid , became the fastest batsman in the history of Test cricket to make 9,000 runs.  The Indian captain reached the landmark 
 the calendar for the ninth time, Michael Kors Bags , too, michael kors canada ,The record is held by Indian masters Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar with 6, Michael Kors Bags , I grew up and made new friends who were sincere and nice.  Mellisa is 
 being.  I think we are not discuss sourav matter at this moment.wright now we are discuss only one matter & this matter is RAHUL DRAVID , SACHIN TENDULKAR,KIRAN MORE,SK.  NAYAR,RAVI SASHTRI,BISHEN SINGH BEDI,RAJSINGH DUNGAPUR,& also IS.  BINDRA they 
 across three Tests.  But, unlike the Black Caps, they have a wealth of talent waiting in the wings to replace the likes of Rahul Dravid .  A baptism of fire for new coach Mike Hesson awaits.  We'll soon see if he's got the magic formula to help his batsmen 
 while Australia's star batsman Steve Smith is at the helm of the Rajastan Royals.  The Royals are coached by Indian great Rahul Dravid .  Cricket circles are abuzz with speculation that the two teams will be suspended, but leading sports writer Ayaz Memon 
 recently graduated from IIM Ahmedabad and Prior to his MBA, he has had stints with TCS and Tata Steel.  He idolizes Rahul Dravid & his philosophy in life is simple- Whatever the mind can conceive, it can achieve.  Instead of worrying about things 
 the subsequent ODI series.  That brings the No. 1 and No. 2 Test run-getters into the T20 equation.  Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid may have to respond to the team's call on Wednesday, though with just one T20 international between them.  Tendulkar was 
 Ashwin, Praveen Kumar, Amit Mishra, Munaf Patel, Parthiv Patel (wk), Ajinkya Rahane, RP Singh, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid .  Fee: $100 (to help update and maintain equipment)  Weights is a class designed to offer instruction and practice in 
 games.  [ 220 ] A significant number of national cricketers have come from Bangalore, including former captains Rahul Dravid and Recapitulator Kumble . Some of the other notable players from the city who have represented Luxation imbound 
  He also introduced India's strategy of playing 3 fast bowlers for the first time along with the brilliant move of making Rahul Dravid the wicketkeeper which allowed the team the luxury of seven batsmen.  There have been many famous triumphs under him and 
 of Madhya Pradesh  Prakash Bhalerao [Famous Industralist & founder of many sofware companies in sylicon vally]  Rahul Dravid , Captain of Indian Cricket team.  Pradip Gandhe [Famous International Badminton Player.  President of Maharashtra 
 women seriously or not.  MUMBAI (Reuters) – Sachin Tendulkar was on course for his 100th international century while Rahul Dravid completed a milestone to lead India's strong reply in the third and final test against West Indies on Thursday.  The 
 have almost certainly ended any hope India had of inflicting a 3-0 series whitewash.  MUMBAI: Veteran Indian batsman Rahul Dravid on Thursday became the second player in the history of Test cricket to compile 13,000 runs besides completing 1,000 
 the penalty that was meted out to him by the match referee.  You will find it surprising that a thorough gentleman like Rahul Dravid is a part of these rankings but if you watch his celebration after scoring that famous century against Australia at the 
 received in the first Test and also because of his own patchy form during the first Test.  After he scored the century, Rahul Dravid went on an uncharacteristic bat and helmet waving jig that must have shocked viewers no end.  The innings as well as the 
 .  Viv Richards' average of 63.31 is the highest ever in World Cups.  The 318 run partnership between Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid in the 1999 tournament versus Sri Lanka remains the highest ever.  India holds the record for the highest score ever made 
 by Sachin Tendulkar (2006-07 and 2009-10) and once each by Virender Sehwag (2007-08), Gautam Gambhir (2008-09), Rahul Dravid (2010-11) and Virat Kohli (2011-12).  India's best performers in senior and junior-level cricket, at the 
 country insisted on using the Decision Review System which the BCCI was hugely against.  Former Indian batting great, Rahul Dravid received the Padma Bhushan from the President of India, while young turk, Virat Kohli received the Arjuna Award this 
 short Test series against the West Indies after winning the second Test at Kolkata by an innings and 15 runs.  India ( Rahul Dravid 119, VS Laxman 176 not out, Mahendra Dhoni 144)-7 declared.  West Indies 153 and 463 ( Darren Bravo 136).  The Aussies came 
 Ishant Sharma will make his debut in the second Test match against Bangladesh starting here Friday, Indian skipper Rahul Dravid said Thursday, adding there will be no change in opening combination of the team.  Dhaka : On the eve of the second 
 environment where urban shoppers can find variety of ultra fresh fruits, vegetables, and milk.  Cricket legend Rahul Dravid share MYA's commitment to helping farmers and healthy living.  MokshaYug Access (MYA) is harnessing the phenomenal 
 a consecutive score of 30, 36 and 38 in the matches so far.  Apart from him the captain himself is not going to spare anyone.  Rahul Dravid who has already two 50s on his name is leading the Royals which is considered to be a team with limited options very well.  
 Yuvraj, Kaif found it difficult to play at the number 3 spot on a consistent basis.  With the arrival of Greg Chappell and Rahul Dravid being appointed captain, the number 3 slot was given to either Irfan Pathan or Mahendra Singh Dhoni to accelerate the 
 Pradesh.  He also captained the national ODI team in the 2005–06 Challenger Trophy in the absence of regular captain Rahul Dravid .  Political : India National Congress has listed Mohd Kaif Name in Congress's First list of 2014 Loksabha M.  P for 
 is forgotten of the many heroics he had done in the past and his ability to play useful strokes along with Yuvraj Singh and Rahul Dravid .  Although those two continued playing as important members, Kaif could not build his reputation, and his admired 
 the classroom, pictures and movies.  Congratulating tennis stars Sania Mirza and Leander Paes, former India captain Rahul Dravid on Monday said that both are huge inspiration for aspiring sportspersons in the country.  Both Sania and Leander are 
 India opener Virender Sehwag could make the point simpler.  In 2006, when India toured Pakistan, Virender Sehwag and Rahul Dravid put on 403 for the first wicket in Lahore which was tantalizingly close to the world record (413) scripted by another two 
 ?  I leave it to the readers).  Having given this brief prelude let me proceed with the comparisons:  Manmohan Singh and Rahul Dravid : First let me begin with the captains.  Both are thorough gentlemen and thoroughbred professionals.  Both are 
 , with Zimbabwe beating Kenya, and India piling up 373 against Sri Lanka thanks to big centuries from Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid .  The ground will look very different when World Cup cricket returns in 2019, as a reward for an ambitious redevelopment 
 be joining us in the Laureus Academy.  I look forward to welcoming him.    The young cricket leaders who Steve Waugh and Rahul Dravid met came from a project at the Christ Church C of E School, modelled on the Urban Academy, founded by Laureus Sport for 
 interest is that no Indian team or player has been able to perform well at international level to garner attention ...  Rahul Dravid is an Indian cricketer; sorry now it is former Indian cricketer.  It is hard to say word former because I can't see Indian 
 now it is former Indian cricketer.  It is hard to say word former because I can't see Indian cricket team without Dravid.  Rahul Dravid is known for his technique, and had been one of the best batsmen for the Indian cricket team.  In ...  Even being not quite so 
 the professional cricketer.  It is a natural cricket zone which has been producing the best quality cricketers like Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble and others over the years.  As far as the cricket talent availability is concerned, then the Bangalore 
 make any difference to the team.  Recently, after winning the second One-Day International against Sri Lanka, captain Rahul Dravid said that the current squad was the best and we did not need to make any changes.  This clearly shows the reputation that 
 points of time – some of the biggest names of Indian cricket, and some not so big.  The list includes Saurav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble, Laxmi Ratan Shukla etc. On the other hand, there are several politicians who control / have controlled 
  Hit them first.  Riseup Ultimate is a great source for learning some sound fundamentals.  When Indian cricketing legend Rahul Dravid was asked how some batsmen go on to become run machines.  He simply said Humility in preparation.   Be ready to ask 
 in the batting section spell Shaun Tait will use his extremity stride against the batsman.  The unhurried and faithful Rahul Dravid will controller the mid arrangement and will act the portrayal of a palisade for the group.  Pune Warriors, who hit been 
 to have detracted too much from their shock defeat to West Ham last weekend.  Spurs, meanwhil...  Ravi Shastri lauded Rahul Dravid for working overtime to groom the younger crop of players.  September 25, 2015 Comments Off on Playing in New Zealand 
 love test mtaches.  Yet again it is proved that 'Test Cricket is the Best Cricket'.  Not to forget, addition of 'The Wall' Rahul Dravid as the batting mentor to the Team India gave some confidence boost to the batsmen.  This victory will be remembered 
  Suresh Raina seeks power to hit sixes over the field, Virender Sehwag choices it to hammered the confidence of a bowler.  Rahul Dravid looks for perfect balance in a bat.  So besides power, feel, balance, SG cricket bat gives you trust for which it is known 
 showed what he is capable of in the last match and going by some of the strokes that he played, he will be a threat to KKR.  Rahul Dravid : One of the greatest batsmen in world cricket is still to have an impact in this season.  He had starts in the first two 
 at the event, were renowned Karnataka cricket players, G.R. Vishwanath, E.A.S. Prasanna, B.S. Chandrashekar, Rahul Dravid , Roger Binny and Hon. President - Sri Anil Kumble, Hon. Vice President - Sri.  Venkatesh Prasad and Hon. Secretary - Sri 
 .  The teams announced their squads for the upcoming tournament on Friday on the Champions League T20 website.  Rahul Dravid's name was also present [...]  New York: Novak Djokovic survived an early test from Germany's Benjamin Becker on Friday 
 Virat Kohli for his early dismissal in the World Cup semifinal against Australia, former Indian cricket captain Rahul Dravid said barring the one blip, the star [...]  Melbourne: Australian players sheltered behind dark glasses today at a 
 India A were soundly thrashed by Australia A at the M A Chidambaram Stadium.  The 119-run defeat notwithstanding, coach Rahul Dravid is confident of a turnaround.  But for that to happen, the Indians will have to execute their plans better.  The Indian 
 railway infrastructure in the state, he said at the 'Resurgent dnaindia.com  The presence of batting legend Rahul Dravid in the Indian Under-19 camp as their coach is a big boost but the whole team including the fielding coach Abhay Sharma, a 
 bowler Umesh Yadav initially played with a cowhide ball, he was rocking the bowling alley against any semblance of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman in the Duleep Trophy.  What makes his climb significantly more exceptional is that he speaks to 
 swimming, Ian Thorpe, the Australian Olympian at the time caught my eye.  Recently, I've had the opportunity to meet Rahul Dravid whom I've always admired.  He's a wonderful person.  I'd met him a couple of times casually and one random day, he says,  
 feast didn't stop when Pakistan declared at 679/7 in the First Test between India.  Indian Openers Virendar Shewag and Rahul Dravid put up 410 run stand for the 1st wicket.  This is the second best for the 1st Wicket as they fell just three runs short.  
 you need the runs to win the game,  3.  The Play Every Ball on its Merit approach.  Over the years the truly great batsmen like Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Sachin Tendulkar, Brian Lara or Ricky Ponting have mastered the art of playing every ball on its merit.  
 rain gods eventually rescued them, but not before Johnson caused carnage in Kuala Lumpur, removing Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Yuvraj Singh and Irfan Pathan in seven overs of high-quality bowling.  Like most feared fast bowlers, Johnson too was 
 or indirectly for him, it went on.  Free Graduation Speech - Professional Speech Writers Free Graduation Speech.  Rahul Dravid's journey to his first and last T20 international - Oh.  Purdue Owl: APA Formatting and Style Guide ease use the oedipus rex 
 close to 157.7 Kms, fairly thrilling that delivery was.  At this second Rajasthan Royals looks formidable aspect.  Rahul Dravid played outstanding knock of 38 yesterday.  He was positive in his method and played the shots all through the park.  His 
 ,Nike KD 7 Cheap, I envision McMorris ended up being carried off.  West Indies key Chris Gayle (five) plus India's Rahul Dravid (five) - were among the maximum influential batsmen of his epoch.amid Washington.  The present infusion of staffers 
 : Australia fast bowler Nathan Coulter-Nile with a base price of Rs. 1 crore is up for grabs now.  Rajasthan Royals mentor Rahul Dravid makes the opening bid before Delhi come into the picture triggering a frenzy of quick bids to take it past 2 cr.  Delhi 
 .  09:36 2014 IPL Auction set to kick-off : We are all set for the 2014 IPL Auction, which will get underway in a few minutes.  Rahul Dravid is spotted in the Rajasthan Royals camp, while Juhi Chawla smiles away with her Kolkata Knight Riders gang.  Former 
 experiential learning opportunities at the new location will ground students with practical experience.  London: Rahul Dravid conceded that he might have been legitimately given out in India's second innings though it was not clear from the 
 the world record holder for ODI run-scoring and leading century making in both ODIs and Tests.  Current Indian captain Rahul Dravid is half-Maharashtrian.  Dadasaheb Phalke was a pioneer of Indian film industry.  He laid the foundation of film 
 one pre-Test warm-up match while most teams play 3-4 to get acclimatised.  2.  Batting collapses: With the exception of Rahul Dravid who scored three first innings centuries, none hit any kind of form, not even Sachin Tendulkar.  While seniors 
 first innings win over India in 12 years.  The last such result also came at the SCG, in 2000.  Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman were all part of that side, as they were members of the outfit that lost this time around.  It is unlikely 
  Karnataka as a state has produced some of the best batsmen to have played the game for India like Gundappa Vishwanath and Rahul Dravid and Manish Pandey is believed to be the one who has the talent to build on that rich legacy of classical batsmanship.  
 start off learning the game and so was the case with Manish Pandey, who grew up idolising former Indian batting legend Rahul Dravid .  When you see him batting you can always notice the same inscrutable facial expression that Dravid seemed to have 
 at the video of his valiant but breathtaking 192 v Australia.  Nicknamed 'The Wall' due to his near impregnable defence, Rahul Dravid capped a stellar Test career with a record which would do his nickname justice-he faced a world record 31258 deliveries 
 .  The record in itself is a proof of the man's limitless reserves of technique, concentration, resolve and resilience.  Rahul Dravid personified correct technique and graceful stroke play in world cricket and he is often regarded as one of the best 
 influence as well as the stability he brought into the field of play.  Always unruffled under trying circumstances, Rahul Dravid was cricket's ultimate 'ice man' with a steely resolve.  The moment Ricky Ponting scored a near flawless 96 on his debut 
 Fan  Although it is a given that almost all Indian cricketers are supposed be fans of Sachin, Gavaskar, Kapil Dev or Rahul Dravid , to name a few it is not the case with MS Dhoni.  The Indian captain idolises the former Australian great Adam Gilchrist 
 that there are varied characters who need to express their flair and inside the ultimate team vision.   Saurav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble showed Indians the way forward with attacking mindset in foreign conditions.  This was also phase of 
 , Talents, Fights, Sledging ! Funny funny cricket incident, now THIS is really hilarious!!!!!!!  Cricket Fight - Rahul Dravid Vs Shoaib Akhtar WORLD SERIES CRICKET 1977 - The spectacular WEST INDIES Is Football your passion?  Is Football your 
 For diseases)  Man Booker Prize (for the lowlands)  National Book Award for fiction (in the lowlands)  Cricketer Rahul Dravid today launched the book by former Indian opening batsman Akash Chopra  The Insider.    Tag Archives: alzheimer's 
 ASPIRATIONS TO BE INDIA COACH NOW DRAVID SAYS..  HAVE NO ASPIRATIONS TO BE INDIA COACH NOW DRAVID SAYS..  Former captain Rahul Dravid these days unquestionably dominated out the notion that he was inquisitive about taking over the Republic of ...  metro 
 Chawla, who was India's leading wicket taker at the under-19 World Cup in 2006, had to wait to bowl Saturday as captain Rahul Dravid won the toss and opted to bat.  Chawla's selection is another proof of Uttar Pradesh's tradition of producing talented 
 welfare dollars on child care for low-income families.  Kolkata : Team India continued to wilt under crisis as skipper Rahul Dravid Saturday ended up bloody-nosed after a bouncer from R.P. Singh hit his face during the conditioning camp at the Eden 
 out against Australia in the title match.  Like the previous editions, it wasn't not all gloom and doom for them.  Rahul Dravid returned as the tournament's top run-getter, and Sourav Ganguly notched up the highest individual score of 183 
 , Saleem Malik, Inzamam-ul-Haq, Moin Khan and Wasim Akram by conceding only 27 runs.  Earlier in the Indian innings, Rahul Dravid and skipper Mohammad Azharuddin withstood brilliant spells from Akram and Azhar Mahmood to help India post a fighting 
 Diocese in Georgia will continue to hold events dedicated to the Armenian Genocide.  Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid said it felt nice to beat Daredevils Saturday in their Indian Premier League (IPL) opener today as it was a revenge of a 
 to bowl in this format.  We have to ensure we don't make silly mistakes, he said.  Powered by superb batting from skipper Rahul Dravid and Stuart Binny and a splendid last over from Kevon Cooper, Rajasthan Royals defeated Delhi Daredevils by five runs in 
 feet so stunningly well.  Modern batting geniuses Brian Lara (WI), Sachin Tendulkar (India), Shiv Chanderpaul (WI), Rahul Dravid (India), Inzamam ul Haq (Pakistan), Graeme Smith (South Africa), Alastair Cook (England), Kevin Pietersen (England 
 , one ... 13.11.13 Read more  Bhavan's Dimdima Have a Spook tacular, Fang tastic Halloween!  The Wall That Grows Taller: Rahul Dravid  Land of the Sages: Uttarakhand  When we donated to the food bank for a church project, we found out that if we gave money to 
 for marquee players which was attended by Nita Ambani, Ricky Ponting, Anil Kumble, V V S Laxman, Muttiah Muralitharan, Rahul Dravid , Gary Kirsten, Stephen Fleming, Vijay Mallya and Preity Zinta among others.  1 The many plants of hundred shapes and 
 Cup here Tuesday.  India scored 242 for eight wickets in 50 overs, thanks largely to Sachin Tendulkar's 99 and captain Rahul Dravid's 74, and South Africa made 245 for six in 49.3 overs.  Chennai : India's loss may turn out to be Pakistan's gain when former 
 , the duo sped past Wasim Jaffer and Dinesh Karthik's unfinished opening stand of 175 and are now 21 short of overhauling Rahul Dravid and Gautam Gambhir's second-wicket stand of 259 - the highest for any wicket against Bangladesh - registered in 2004.  
 , and always a bit of banter between supporters of rival teams, or, uniquely with India, between fans of Rahul Dravid and Tendulkar.  Better still, you could hook up your PC to your big screen television and watch, thus incurring the wrath 
 bowling attack would provide little challenge to any good club line-up.  Worse still, with the honourable exception of Rahul Dravid , the vistors looked weary and totally disinterested.  Like Sri Lanka before them, they posed no serious threat to a much 
 be Brian Lara whose teaming up alongside Sachin Tendulkar will be a predictable crowd puller, Brett Lee (Australia), Rahul Dravid (India), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (West indies), Saeed Ajmal and Umar Gul (Pakistan) and Australia ́s Aaron Finch, 
 20th 1996 - two young Indian cricketers were handed over the Indian Test cap for the very first time.  Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid replaced Navjot Sidhu and Sanjay Manjrekar in the XI at Lord's against England.  Indian cricket would never be the same.  
 , increase in advertisement in local language, on radio and television, and in print media, with local icons like Rahul Dravid in Karnataka or Milkha Singh in Punjab as brand ambassadors of the campaign, could help in building public confidence.  
 .  The session titled India Gaming Seminar will be a day-long event on 4th February 2013 in [...]  Top former cricketer Rahul Dravid and Ranjit Sinha Director of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), India's premier investigating agency, asked the 
 Len Hutton and Maurice Leyland at the The Oval 1938 remains on top while the 376-run stand for the fifth wicket between Rahul Dravid and V.V.S. Laxman at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata 2000-01 is second.  Pujara got to his double century in style, charging 
 to NorthEast United FC and hope he can help us bring success both on and off the field.    Former Indian cricket captain Rahul Dravid has accepted a request from the Indian team management to support and advise the team in its preparatory stages of the 
 is always a blast and this latest one for Image Magazine was no different.  We loved setting the outdoor scene for them.  Rahul Dravid was born as Rahul Sharad Dravid on 11th January 1973 in a Dravid Maratha family in Indore, Madhya Pradesh.  Read more  
 was born as Rahul Sharad Dravid on 11th January 1973 in a Dravid Maratha family in Indore, Madhya Pradesh.  Read more  Rahul Dravid was selected to make his Ranji Trophy debut on February 1991 against Maharashtra in Pune where he scored 82 in a drawn 
 was the top scorer scoring 461 runs.  He is the only Indian to score back to back centuries in the World Cup.  Read more  Rahul Dravid is one cricketer of the Indian team who is involved with a lot of World Records.  The World records vary from World Cups to 
 involved with a lot of World Records.  The World records vary from World Cups to test matches to One day Innings.  Read more  Rahul Dravid has made appearnaces in a number of Commercial ads.  Some of them being Reebok, Pepsi, Kissan, Castrol, Gillette and 
 in a number of Commercial ads.  Some of them being Reebok, Pepsi, Kissan, Castrol, Gillette and Samsung Read more  Rahul Dravid was dropped from the One Day Innings team in the year 2009.  Read more  Rahul Dravid was born Rahul Sharad Dravid on 11th 
 , Gillette and Samsung Read more  Rahul Dravid was dropped from the One Day Innings team in the year 2009.  Read more  Rahul Dravid was born Rahul Sharad Dravid on 11th January 1973.  He was born in the Dravid Maratha family in Indore in Madhya Pradesh.  
 in Karnataka.  His father worked for Kissan, a company which is popular as producing jams and preserves and as such Rahul Dravid earned the nickname 'Jammy' from is teammates in St. Joseph's Boys High School.  Dravid's mother, Pushpa, was a 
 in St. Joseph's Boys High School.  Dravid's mother, Pushpa, was a professor of architecture in Bangalore University.  Rahul Dravid has a degree in commerce from the St. Joseph's College of Commerce in Bangalore.  Rahul Dravid started playing cricket 
 in Bangalore University.  Rahul Dravid has a degree in commerce from the St. Joseph's College of Commerce in Bangalore.  Rahul Dravid started playing cricket from the age of 12 and he first represented the Karnataka state in the under-15, under-17 and 
 Patel and Tarapore.  He married Vijeta Pendharkar, a surgeon from Nagpur on 4th May 2003.  The couple has two children.  Rahul Dravid was selected to make his Ranji Trophy debut on February 1991 against Maharashtra in Pune alongside future Indian 
 Duleep Trophy.  After the moderate performance in the home series against Australian team and the South African team, Rahul Dravid broke through on the 1996-97 tour of South Africa.  There he batted at 3rd position in the third test against 
 the Zimbabwe team in a one-off test match, scoring top scores in both the innings with 148 and 44 runs respectively.  Rahul Dravid became the third Indian batsman after Vijay Harare and Sunil Gavaskar to score centuries in both innings of a match 
 has a dismal campaign.  In the year 2001, in the second test of the three match test series against Australia in Kolkata, Rahul Dravid joined hands with VVS Laxman to produce one of the greatest comeback victories in the history of cricket.  The pair put on 
 in the year 2001, which cost India the top rakings of test cricket which they lost 4-0.  However, the performance of Rahul Dravid stood up as he hit up 3 centuries.  Rahul Dravid has been a significant player in the Indian cricket team.  He has the 
 rakings of test cricket which they lost 4-0.  However, the performance of Rahul Dravid stood up as he hit up 3 centuries.  Rahul Dravid has been a significant player in the Indian cricket team.  He has the reputation of being a defensive batsman who should 
 Dhoni.  Dravid has contributed to nearly 32% of the total runs scored by India in those 21 matches.  On 18th March 2006, Rahul Dravid played his 100th Test against England in Mumbai.  In the year 2006, it was announced that he would remain captain of the 
 has piled up an astonishing 271 runs, with nine hundreds, three of them double centuries and ten fifties in 32 innings.  Rahul Dravid is one of the two batsman to score 10,000 runs in a single batting position and is not the second highest run getter in Test 
 holds the world record for the highest number of catches taken by a player in Test cricket.  Commercial appearances by Rahul Dravid :  Rahul Dravid is the first non-Australian cricketer to address at the Bradman Oration in Canberra.  Rahul Dravid is 
 record for the highest number of catches taken by a player in Test cricket.  Commercial appearances by Rahul Dravid:  Rahul Dravid is the first non-Australian cricketer to address at the Bradman Oration in Canberra.  Rahul Dravid is also engaged in a 
 by Rahul Dravid:  Rahul Dravid is the first non-Australian cricketer to address at the Bradman Oration in Canberra.  Rahul Dravid is also engaged in a number of commercial endorsements including Reebok, Pepsi, Kissan, Castrol, Gillette and 
 commitments like for the Children's Movement for Civic Awareness and UNICEF Supporter and AIDS Awareness Campaign.  Rahul Dravid has been dropped from the ODI team in the year 2009.  He was again included in team in the year 2011 for an ODI series in 
 match in a T20 game.  He then announced his retirement before playing his first T20 match.  After the tour of Australia, Rahul Dravid announced his retirement from test and domestic cricket although he said he will be leading Rajasthan Royals in the 
 he said he will be leading Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League in the year 2012.  During his retirement, Rahul Dravid was the second highest run scorer and player with the highest number of catches in test cricket.  Dravid was named one of 
 the inaugural Player of the year award and the Test player of the year award by the International Cricket Council (ICC).  Rahul Dravid also has two biographies written on his career including the 'Rahul Dravid- a Biography' written by Vedam Jaishankar 
 the International Cricket Council (ICC).  Rahul Dravid also has two biographies written on his career including the ' Rahul Dravid - a Biography' written by Vedam Jaishankar and another 'The Nice Guy Who Finished First' written by Devendra 
 , testimonials and interviews were also released by ESPN Cricinfo after Dravid's retirement.  The book was titled ' Rahul Dravid : Timeless Steel'.  There is heinously a young, final good-looking burst that streets have called the largest in the 
 to give India a vital 49-run lead.  Sachin took 3 for 10.  In the second innings, India team was bowled out for just 113 with Rahul Dravid (37) being the top-scorer.  South Africa chased down the target with 4 wickets to spare.  In the next game at Bangalore, 
 in the first test match.  Cheteshwar Pujara's double century once again prompted comparisons with the legendary Rahul Dravid while Virender Sehwag toyed with the England bowling.  It will be Sehwag's 100th test match and his fans would be 
 an unbeaten 40 off 19 balls to take India to 285/4 in their 50 overs.  [ 32 ] Yuvraj's knock of 37, along with a fifty from Rahul Dravid , helped India recover from 59/4 to reach the target of 188 against Sri Lanka.  [ 33 ] This win eliminated Sri Lanka from the 
 at Durban.  [ 68 ]  In September 2007, he was named as the ODI vice-captain of Mahendra Singh Dhoni after the resignation of Rahul Dravid .  He then scored 121 in a losing cause during India's One-day International series defeat at the hands of Australia 
 often characterised as having attitude problems, [ 72 ] but later often assumed leadership positions during Rahul Dravid's tenure as captain.  He have also knocked 6 sixes in a row in the over of Stuart Broad in ICC T20 World Cup 2007 in a crucial 
 Institute of Technology This was only possible because of Sakal Times.  It was a dream to watch my favourite player Rahul Dravid , batting, fielding and guiding his team.  I enjoyed the combination of cricket and entertainment.  Raunaq Sokhi, 
 and in the Indian team -born in Indore  Swar Kokila Lata Mangeshkar – The Nightingale of Bollywood was born in Indore.  Rahul Dravid – Indian cricketer – Born in Indore  Salman Khan – Born in Indore and spent childhood up to five years here.  Johnny Lever – 
 the flying satellites.  State Energy Registry Department  CHENNAI: The Fab-Four of Indian cricket - Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman - will get a one-time benefit of Rs 1.5 crore.  The decision was taken in BCCI's finance 
 (ODI) matches.  The ODI competitions introduced some talented cricketers to the globe like Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Brian Lara, Sanath Jaysuriya, Saeed Anwar, Shane Warne, Ricky Ponting, among others.  In the recent years, a brand new 
 .  The British Asian Trust and My Community Bank have been [...]  Celebrated Sri Lankan cricketer Kumar Sangakarra joins Rahul Dravid , Bollywood designer Manish Malhotra, popstar Zayn Malik and award winning film director Gurinder Chadha OBE, as an 
 R.  OSSANI5) RAHUL FERM A.  OLEZZO6) REVOLUTION VENERE V.  D'ALESSANDRO in a batting line-up comprising big names like Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Virender Sehwag Sachin Tendulkar Sourav Ganguly rahul Dravid Also Read 
 big names like Rahul Dravid, VVS Laxman, Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Virender Sehwag Sachin Tendulkar Sourav Ganguly rahul Dravid Also Read Lucky to have played in an era Mahira is all set to make her Bollywood debut with Rahul Dholakia's Raees, in 
 to the State.  Rahul Gandhi, who raked up the issue of special category to have played in the era of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Anil Kumble and Zaheer Khan.  Sehwag also Supriya Prasad of News Broadcasters Association; Rahul Kanwal of Broadcast 
 .so libmkl_sequential.soThanks for the help.  Rahul Singh formidable line-up that also included Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Sourav Ganguly.  Sehwag is the building, despite the vice-president of AICC Rahul Gandhi visiting the 
 (captain), KL Rahul, Unmukt Chand, Karun Nair, Shreyas Iyer, Naman Ojha of the Test match and stalwarts of Indian team Rahul Dravid , Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly & VVS Laxman jõuda sihtpunkti ning olla oma eluga veel rohkem rahul.  Kas Sa ikka veel 
 su socio Rahul Bhatia, ostenta el 48% restante, uno de los más formidable line-up that also included Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Sourav Ganguly.  Sehwag is valitsuse poolt otsustavamat toetamist.  Herkel polnud rahul erakondade 
 wickets.  The all-rounder has always played a crucial role in the Rajasthan Royals' fortunes and in the absence of Rahul Dravid on the field he will play an even greater role in 2014 as the captain of the team.  Shane Watson Retained Rs 12.5 crores ($2. 
 history.  Dravid, Tendulkar to Play in Champions League  By Dhanu Delphi on August 31, 2013  The squad has been named, and Rahul Dravid and SachinTendulkar, each cricket legends in their own right, have been named to the Champions League team.  The 
 place from September 17th, 2013, until October 6th, 2013.  The squad for the Champions League was announced on Friday.  Rahul Dravid has said that it is likely that this coming Champions League will be his last.  Dravid has been chosen to play in the 
 Sachin moment is the time he got a rare golden duck.  Rewind to Calcutta 1999.  India is sitting pretty at 150 for two.  Rahul Dravid has just had his leg stump uprooted but the crowd doesn't care.  Sachin is next.  The applause can be heard as far as Lahore.  
 new switch lock technology.  Other Indian players like Sachin Tendulkar, M.  S Dhoni, Virender Sehwag, Gautam gambir, Rahul Dravid and many more like to wear polarized レイバン 店舗 plain tiff 004057-07.  Oakley sunglasses are technically advanced and 
 collected about you, make sure it's being done in a voluntary way.  Sachin Tendulkar has great talent and a great mind: Rahul Dravid  Posted On : 2012-11-22 23:46:05  I can proudly tell my grandchildren that I batted with Sachin...  They may not remember 
 my grandchildren that I batted with Sachin...  They may not remember me, but they will certainly remember Sachin, said Rahul Dravid .  Despite being the best No. 3 batsman India ever produced, Rahul Dravid had to constantly live under the shadow of 
 but they will certainly remember Sachin, said Rahul Dravid.  Despite being the best No. 3 batsman India ever produced, Rahul Dravid had to constantly live under the shadow of Sachin Tendulkar.  It was a fact of life 'The Wall' lived with comfortably and 
 became the only Indian to be honored as the ' Wisden Leading Cricketer ' in the World in April 2009.  On August 16, 2009 Rahul Dravid was called back in the Indian ODI team due to his good performance in IPL.  Indian Cricket Schedule and Fixtures 2010:  
 in an online poll conducted by Cricket Australia's website.  The former India skipper [...]  Kolkata: Former captain Rahul Dravid was today appointed coach of the India A and Under-19 cricket teams after the first meeting of BCCI's advisory 
 Yuvraj would become India's middle-order lynchpin, forming fruitful partnerships first with yuvraj singh twitter Rahul Dravid and then with MS Dhoni.  IPL: Yuvraj Singh played for yuvraj singh twitter Kings XI Punjab for the first three years of the 
 [...]  London: Statistical highlights of the fourth day's play in the fourth and final Test between India and England. # Rahul Dravid's unbeaten knock of 146 is his 35th hundred in Tests.  Only three batsmen – Sachin Tendulkar (51), Jacques Kallis (40) and 
 rack up 445 in the second Test, shoot out India for 171, and enforce the follow-on, at which point VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid bat for a day and a half to carry India to 657.  Australia are bowled out to lose late on the fifth day.  So the theory goes, 
 , Shillingford and Sobers admirably to score a strokeful 112 with 11 fours that laid the foundations of a famous win.  7.  Rahul Dravid 270 v Pakistan at Karachi, 2004  The tour of Pakistan in 2004 was one of the most important Test series in which India 
 the fact that India won that series by clinching the 3rd and deciding Test at Karachi is down to the superhuman efforts of Rahul Dravid .  India had dismissed Pakistan for 224 in the first innings but still had to bat big in order to drive home the advantage 
 for 224 in the first innings but still had to bat big in order to drive home the advantage and the man for the occasion was Rahul Dravid , who came into bat in the 2nd delivery of the innings after Sehwag had been dismissed of the first ball.  Dravid ground the 
 [...]  (continued) As against this, the Indian team started off with an irregular opening pair and with the exception of Rahul Dravid , uncertain top order, with even Tendulkar on the tentative mode.  Follow it up with a captain who is in poor form and a set 
 undertake study in a minimum of 5 subjects at Level 3, or 6 subjects at Level 2 or lower.  Top10 Little Known Facts about Rahul Dravid's Life  If there has ever been a gentleman cricketer in modern times then it would have to be Rahul Dravid, who embodied 
 Facts about Rahul Dravid's Life  If there has ever been a gentleman cricketer in modern times then it would have to be Rahul Dravid , who embodied fierce determination and a will to win.  Now that cricket's Iron Man has retired you might find it 
 Have Immense Respect for Him  Last but not the least is the immensely high pedestal at which the Australians have placed Rahul Dravid not only because of his unbelievable cricketing skills but also because he was a thorough gentleman.  The Aussies are 
 Shane Warne and Glenn McGrath when he retired.  9.  A Local Tournament in Bangalore is named after Him  As you may expect, Rahul Dravid is one of the biggest icons of the city of Bangalore and quite aptly there is a tournament that is named after him in his 
 tournament and it is not something that is recognised by the cricket board but that is not the point is it?  Looking at Rahul Dravid ' demeanour and attitude people might sometimes forget that he used to be a child as well at some point of time and during 
 dressing room and waiting for his turn to bat.  You would agree it must have calmed his nerves a lot.  Next in at number 7 is Rahul Dravid's weakness for one of India's most famous dishes- the celebrated Chicken Tikka Masala.  When India went to play Pakistan 
 meals as well, which by the way is only natural.  6.  Other Than His Parents his Coach is His Greatest Influence  Watching Rahul Dravid - both on and off the field- is an education for any youngster because of the dignified way in which he carries himself and 
 without being too loud.  Now, it must have crossed your mind once in a while as to who were the influences in the moulding of Rahul Dravid into the man he eventually became.  He considers his parents as being a great influence, which is understandable but 
 life he got from the man through sports.  5.  Dravid Was Once Voted the 'Sexiest Indian Sports Personality'  At number 5 is Rahul Dravid's achievement of being named the 'Sexiest Indian Sportsman' back in the year 2005 when the award was initially 
 makes him a Tamil by descent and not a Marathi or a Kannadiga.  3.  The Story behind His Nickname  At number 3 is the reason why Rahul Dravid is called 'Jammy' by his friends, relatives and acquaintances.  Now the reason why he is called 'Jammy' is not because he 
 the cricket team of his school in addition to the hockey team, which makes it the highest ranking item in these rankings.  Rahul Dravid used to be an extremely skilled forward in school level hockey and captained his school in the sport and it might 
 event.  A story I wrote a while back is going to be launched as an audio-book by Karadi Tales.  The story has been narrated by Rahul Dravid .  Check out the details below and do land up if you happen to be in Bangalore.  Bangalore Launch of Crickematics!  My name is 
 reflected in what they are paid in comparison to men.  Surprised? ...  By Sanjib Guha There isn't an iota of doubt that Rahul Dravid is the best man to guide a young Indian batting contingent while touring anywhere on earth.  Why only England?  He will 
 3 position is not everybody's cup of tea.  One needs a water-tight technique against both spin and pace, something that Rahul Dravid displayed for years.  In recent times, Rohit has shown a weakness against quality spin bowling.  Nathan Lyon and Moeen 
 of education.  Youth in the village are accomplished cricketers ... the students shared videos of Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid also.    What I was trying to do alone for many months, came to fruition when the villagers came face-to-face with our 
 directorate.  Well all may not be good for the team but there the ultimate WALL of the Indian cricket with them.  Rahul Dravid is the name of relief for Rajasthan Royals and he can prove to be crucial in leading tea to victory.  The legendary player 
 history.  Some of them are Kapil Dev, Sunil Gavaskar, Ravi Shastri, Anil Kumble, Javagal Srinath, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Saurav Ganguli, Yuvraj Singh, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, irender SZehwag.  For the millions of fans they are always the 
 , but felt that the draw has given his team a psychological advantage for the second match.  Chittagong : India captain Rahul Dravid said Tuesday that his team was never under pressure from Bangladesh in the first Test that ended in a draw here, and 
 stages to halt India's progress.  Sehwag stroked a chancy 60 off 65 balls and added 82 runs for the second wicket with Rahul Dravid (33) to launch India's charge towards the target.  Sehwag, who was dropped three times, hit eight boundaries before he 
 an English victory.  [ 4 ] He was selected in the Indian squad for the 2003 Cricket World Cup but did not play any games, with Rahul Dravid being used as a makeshift wicket-keeper to allow the use of an extra batsman or bowler.  With this policy in place, Patel 
 mixed aggression with caution to make 101 off just 61 balls, with six sixes and six fours after Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid won the toss and opted to bat first.  The Australian star put on 71 for the first wicket with Ajinkya Rahane (16) and later 
 more and more difficult: the field restrictions are over.  At this stage of the innings the team needs someone like Rahul Dravid who can graft, build and play a workmanlike innings with singles and twos and be patient to wait and dispatch the right 
 involved in the nitty-gritty.  Your columnist believes that with his background and temperament Manmohan Singh, like Rahul Dravid , is the ideal person for the job at this stage.  He has the understanding of the system and the experience & patience to 
 Academies (South Zone) is expected to come in this stadium.  Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter  I am biggest fan of Rahul Dravid .  In my childhood, i was thinking that he alway play cricket in M. chinaswamy stadium.  I used to tell my father to get me 
 into two different brands, one concentrating on staple foods and other on processed foods.  The Jammy commercial with Rahul Dravid became very popular with the kids.  The squeezo ketchup package was a hit too.  To revive the brand and to drive the point 
 .  Tweety bird is my favourite.  Singh: I like our desi superheroes like Bahubali.  Coolest Indian(s) alive: Padukone: Rahul Dravid and Narayan Murthy Singh: It's hard to single out one.  But for a true-blue Hindi-movie fanatic like me, it's Amitabh 
 that has marked him out as one of India's most promising future batsman.  He is now considered the right replacement for Rahul Dravid at the one-drop position though it is quite possible that he may be shifted to the middle order in the event of his finding 
 Muralitharan, Danniel Vettori did fairly a good job, the batting didn't come out at all.  The big names in World XI ( Rahul Dravid , Brian Lara, Jaques kallis, Inzamam Ul Haq, Virendar Shewag, Graeme Smith) were completely outdone by the spin duo 
 , which a considerable measure of batsmen didn't have, yet that is the thing that permitted him to play the shots he did.  Rahul Dravid : Such a quality batsman, buckled down at his amusement.  He was arranged to bat throughout the day.  He would set himself 
 Automatic Air Conditioning  Bi-Xenon Headlights with Dynamic System  Designed and hosted by: thinkRedBarn.com  Rahul Dravid is an Indian cricketer; sorry now it is former Indian cricketer.  It is hard to say word former because I can't see Indian 
 now it is former Indian cricketer.  It is hard to say word former because I can't see Indian cricket team without Dravid.  Rahul Dravid is known for his technique, and had been one of the best batsmen for the Indian cricket team.  In the beginning, he was 
 experts and sports journalists alike.  His nickname of 'The Wall' in Reebok advertisements is now used as his nickname.  Rahul Dravid is one of the most consistent batsmen in the world.  Here the example; India reached 85–4 in reply to Australia's 556, 
 is not an easy task; once again he proved he is not like other's, he is something special.  'The Wall' has finally toppled.  Rahul Dravid was dropped from the ODI team in 2009, but was selected again for an ODI series in England in 2011, surprised even Dravid 
 of the two batsmen to score 10,000 runs at a single batting position and is the third highest run scorer in Test Cricket.  Rahul Dravid saw 453 wickets fall while batting at the other side of the crease in a Test Career- the most by a batsman in a Test Career.  
 role model saying that while youngsters look up to Tendulkar in awe, they could actually be Dravid  __Sunil Gavaskar  Rahul Dravid is a legend.  I don't care if he is called lesser or greater than Sachin.  In my eyes, he is more than just a cricketer.  A man 
 - Steve Waugh.  In one of the most dramatic turnarounds in cricket history India fought back through V V S Laxman (281) and Rahul Dravid (180) and posted a massive 657 in the second innings to give Australia a target of 384 in just over 2 sessions.  The Test 
 .  At the end of the day, West Florence Football Roster 2012 , performance is what counts.  If it had only been talent, Rahul Dravid and Shiv Chanderpaul would not have averaged above 50 in tests.. 2.  Ultimately the Mini did pull away once that driver 
 as he notched up a massive undefeated 186* off 150 balls.  If you have watched this game live then you would remember that Rahul Dravid also gave him good support from the other end as the two shared a match winning partnership of a record 331 runs.  The 
 .  Resource Center - Cardiff University  Rahul Dravid-Friend of Karunashraya  Viswanathan Anand joined the league of Rahul Dravid , 'First Friend of Karunashraya' in the period of the Sixth edition of the TCS World 10K Run in which Karunashraya 
 has introduced some of the most remarkable playersto the Indian national cricket team, including Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid , Sourav Ganguly, Harbhajan Singh and Yuvraj Singh.  With an aggregate score of 12,805 runs in Ranji Trophy and 3,061 
 of reference did not ask for it.  The probe committee also recommended that cricketing legends like Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and Anil Kumble should regularly interact with players to impart discipline.  The committee prefers police to probe 
 the aggressor's role in a 132-run alliance in 26.2 overs with Bravo.  However, once Bravo (136) was well held at slip by Rahul Dravid off Pragyan Ojha (2/104) the West Indies unraveled as six wickets fell for 62 runs, meaning the match finished before 
 with only pride to play for in Mumbai from November 22.  Live Scorecard: England vs India, 4th Test, Day 5, First Session  Rahul Dravid's third century of the series kept England at bay as the hosts went in search of a 4-0 whitewash at The Oval.  Rahul Dravid 
  Rahul Dravid's third century of the series kept England at bay as the hosts went in search of a 4-0 whitewash at The Oval.  Rahul Dravid makes century but England still on top India were 218 for six in reply to England's first innings 591 for six declared, 
 at Sophia Gardens, Cardiff – September 16  Dravid, Yuvraj take India just short of a lead  yuvraj singh,vvs laxman, rahul dravid , cricket, espn cricket, cricinfo Day 2 : England vs India,2nd Test Match,Trent Bridge England vs India – TEST Stumps 
 for the drive and the thick edge carries straight into the hands of Pietersen at gully.  India already under pressure.  Rahul Dravid c Alastair Cook b Tim Bresnan 11723515049.79Age: 39 Right Handed More..88.2 OUT!  This is getting over very quickly now 
 13 and 14 – the first gathering for new members Ganguly, Ricky Ponting and Ramiz Raja, and the last for outgoing members Rahul Dravid and Steve Bucknor.  The ICC Cricket World Cup should be a twelve-team tournament The committee believes that the 
 Kochi Tuskers by 8 wickets  Superb spells by Shane Warne (3 for 16) and Siddhartha Trivedi (3 for 19) and fine batting by Rahul Dravid and Shane Watson helped Rajasthan Royals beat Kochi Tuskers Kerala by eight wickets in their Indian Premier League ( 
 wire, Rajasthan Royals, opting to bat first, posted 165 for 6 from their 20 overs, powered by a well-made 43 by skipper Rahul Dravid .  Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians had clashed in the 2010 final when the former had emerged victorious and lifted 
 a one-hour delay caused by evening rains, Rajasthan Royals, winners of the inaugural IPL in 2008, rode on a gritty 43 by Rahul Dravid and an unbeaten cameo of a 17-ball 31 by Dishant Yagnik to post a fighting 165 for six.  Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh 
 them with outdoor challenges and support.  One Response to Youngsters key as India challenge Eng in T20  Boss Rahul Dravid is a wall ; we need to use him properly; he is mature enough to lead the team  In this book chapter, Rory Medcalf examines the 
  The Sri Lankan great follows Sachin Tendulkar of India, Ricky Ponting of Australia, Jacques Kallis of South Africa and Rahul Dravid of India in the all-time list of leading Test scorers.  Sangakkara had already taken retirement from the ODIs.  He scored 
 21  Menu onlyme And aurat Become a friend 08-19 00:20  India recall Dravid to ODI squad Groups: Games Former India captain Rahul Dravid is to make a return to one-day international cricket after almost two years out.  The 36-year-old, who last  Sat, Aug 15 12 
 poster which was happening at Bangalore and I noticed that among the list of all keynote speakers was the name of Mr. Rahul Dravid . The first thought that occurred to me was what on earth does a world-class cricketer have to do with the business world 
 match here Saturday.  Sachin Tendulkar was unbeaten on 122 while Mahendra Singh Dhoni made an unbeaten 51 when captain Rahul Dravid called off the innings.  Dhaka : Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar had to be given ice packs, lots of fluids and a chair to do 
 should be better monitored and, if possible, prevented.  Kolkata : An R.P. Singh bouncer left Indian cricket skipper Rahul Dravid bleeding from his nose Saturday at a practice session here ahead of the Bangladesh tour.  He was given sedatives and sent 
 script.  Rahane's produced a very good innings...  One of the very best that I've seen in years, former India captain Rahul Dravid told The Telegraph .  Dravid, incidentally, has been Rahane's mentor at the Rajasthan Royals.  Till Rahane got his 
 wouldn't bat an eyelid about resigning.  Dhoni has been captain since 2007, taking over the mantle from batting legend Rahul Dravid after a first round exit at the World Cup in the West Indies.  He then moulded the team into a world-beating unit, winning 
 it 67 for five in 11.4 overs.  Kings XI had some hope of a big score as long as Hussey was there, but he was caught by a diving Rahul Dravid at mid-off on the second attempt.  Hussey's 41 came off 31 balls with the help of four fours and one six.  Azhar Mahmood came 
 at the event, were renowned Karnataka cricket players, G.R. Vishwanath, E.A.S. Prasanna, B.S. Chandrashekar, Rahul Dravid , Roger Binny and Hon. President - Sri Anil Kumble, Hon. Vice President - Sri.  Venkatesh Prasad and Hon. Secretary - Sri 
 changes to their franchises.  Both were not happy with their respective team captains.  Mallya sacked his captain, Rahul Dravid , and replaced him with Kevin Pietersen, whom Mallya bought for a whopping Rs.6.61 Crore.  This is an ordinary strategy 
