 time he got back on the field, the advantage was swinging back towards South Africa after India seemed to be cruising.  Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan built a solid start despite both offering chances that South Africa put down off Duminy in the eighth 
 greatest scientist is astounded once he learns the answer.  Ambati Rayudu slammed an unbeaten 49 and skipper Rohit Sharma came up with solid 46 to steer Mumbai Indians to a five-wicket win over Delhi Daredevils with three balls to spare in a 
 Chris Morris took advantage as he became susceptible to anything on a good length during both the T20I and ODI series.  Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli were poor overall, with the latter managing his first ODI hundred since the opening game of the World Cup 
 to a fine start against India in 2nd ODI  Posted On : 2013-01-03 00:44:02  India have brought in Ravindra Jadeja in place of Rohit Sharma .  Pakistan are unchanged from the last match.  India's under-fire cricketers will have to pull themselves up with the 
 , MD, associate professor of medicine and the George F. and Sybil H.  Fuller Foundation Term Chair in Diabetes, and Rohit Sharma , PhD, a postdoctoral associate, discovered how the pancreas knows that more insulin-producing beta cells are needed 
 .  Date expired materials were sterilised again but still tested positive for contamination and were used anyway.  Rohit Sharma : Time expired materials contributed to 26 deaths.  BMJ, September 9, 2000  Country-wide guidelines for minimum 
 of Sean (Christine Alvarez), Gwendolyn (Richard Harvey), Katharine (Duane Livingstone, deceased) and Christina ( Rohit Sharma ).  Cherished Gramps of Ethan, Marie, Ewan, Patrick, Jacqueline, Scott, Keenan, Liam and Kieran.  Son of the late 
 the match.  India enter the semifinals and Bangladesh fairytale is in excess of.  Authenticjordanshoes.etnatour.net Rohit Sharma would be the Man of the Match.  He suggests this hundred is vital since it was created within a hard predicament, 
 partnership couldn't carry on for too long.  Kulasekara got rid of Vijay on a slower delivery to break that partnership.  Rohit Sharma departed early as well trying to play a pull shot off the front foot.  He completely mistimed it and the fielder at 
 Super Kings coach Stephen Fleming said his team was always playing the catching up game after Mumbai Indians duo of Rohit Sharma and Lendl Simmons set the early momentum and helped the team score a 200-plus total in the IPL final.  Mumbai Indians 
 stand off just from 67 balls.  In reply, CSK could reach 161 for eight in their allotted 20 overs to go down by 41 runs.   Rohit Sharma and Lendl Simmons were in great form and they just quickly grabbed the momentum.  We could not stop them.  The game they 
 and 200 Tests forever.  A legend who has created many other champions like Yuvi, Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma .  Yet there would be no fun in watching cricket after his retirement.  Every Test Match and ODI match which India plays 
 [...] Indian Television News  India TV Discussion Forum  Your Camera to the TV World.  HOST CELEBRATION FOR HARBHAJAN & ROHIT SHARMA WEDDING . Married Again Zee World , married again season 2 episode 1, married again final episode, Ek kahani aisi bhi 
 . 10 hours agoDec 9, 2015 Vada Pav Inc: The story of Mumbai's global snack, told by a foodie The who's who of Mumbai attend Rohit Sharma's wedding to Ritika Sajdeh How one week saw the party's stock fall while PM's rose · India is good again!  It barely occurs to 
 year and each Indian is expecting absolutely blasting and dynamic show from Indian squad which comprises M S Dhoni, Rohit Sharma , R Ashwin, S Dhawan, R Jadeja, V Kohli, Mohammed Shami, Suresh Kumar Raina, A Rayudu, I Sharma, B Kumar, A Mishra, J 
 putting up score big.  Aussies must be planning anyhow to stop Indian openers to build a solid partnership what the duo – Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan – did in Jaipur and repeated in Nagpur.  To take the wicket of Virat Kohli would also be a challenge for 
 from the Indian cricket world to make headlines and for the same reason in fact.  The 'man in blue' we are talking about is Rohit Sharma , who is going to wield his bat elsewhere (we mean on the wedding fields!).  Indian Premier League's (IPL) team, Mumbai 
 wield his bat elsewhere (we mean on the wedding fields!).  Indian Premier League's (IPL) team, Mumbai Indian's captain Rohit Sharma got engaged to Ritika Sajdeh, who is also his best friend and was his sports manager in the past on June 3, 2015.  And now, it 
 Dane Vilas then leapt quickly from behind the stumps and dived forward on the pitch to catch the ball with his gloves.  Rohit Sharma (one) almost gifted Piedt his fourth wicket, tamely holing out to Imran Tahir near the long-on fence.  Abbott sent back 
 three-match ODI series in Zimbabwe recently.  Who leads the team in this tour? 1) Ajinkya Rahane 2) Ravindra Jadeja 3) Rohit Sharma 4) Virat Kohli 5) Suresh Raina  Ques. : 8 Indian space agency ISRO's PSLV rocket PSLV-C28 carried five satellites 
 for a safe society  5) Mr. Ritesh Goel Arya - Nation building and education  6) Mr. Sudhir Sapra - Youth and drugs  7) Mr. Rohit Sharma - Architecture reaching out the truth  For queries on the next event (presentation/sponsorship), contact:  FREE 
 let go it not to nag, scold or argue, but instead to search out my own shortcomings, and correct them.  Permalink Reply by Rohit Sharma on July 10, 2009 at 11:36am  To let go is to fear less, and love more. - i would like the blessings of the evolved soul on 
 to receive the award after Leander Paes.  The government has also granted 17 other athletes , including cricketer Rohit Sharma and Jitu Rai shooter gymnast Dipa Karmakar, hockey player Sreejesh PR, Bajrang wrestling duo and Babita, athlete 
 defeating India in the first T20I match in Dharamsala.  JP Duminy scores 34-ball 68 to take the Proteas to a deserved win.  Rohit Sharma's 66-ball 106 goes in va...  Mumbai Indians had an ominous start to the Indian Premier League losing four matches on the 
 and 22 fours.  Kohli fell when he edged a Umar Gul delivery high up in the air for Mohammad Hafeez to take the catch at point.  Rohit Sharma hit a six and 5 fours in his 83-ball 68 before Umar Gul had him caught by Shahid Afridi at deep mid-wicket.  Rohit added 172 
 after hearing the prosecution and the defence.  Opting to bat first, Mumbai Indians, powered by a superb unbeaten 62 by Rohit Sharma , posted 183 for three from their 20 overs.  Their bowlers then restricted Pune Warriors to 142 for eight in their 20 overs 
 18th over, and Pune Warriors were still 52 runs behind and the rest of the proceedings were only of academic interest.  Rohit Sharma got four through a thick edge off Rahul Sharma in the next over.  At the other end, Karthik smashed Yuvraj for two 
 fours, one over mid-wicket and the other over extra cover.  Rahul Sharma conceded only two runs in the 13th over, before Rohit Sharma lifted Mathews over fine-leg for six in an over that yielded 12 runs.  Dinda was back in the attack and Karthik came up with 
 ton for Sri Lanka in 1996)  First England player to score 100 runs in overs 41-50 of an ODI (also achieved by De Villiers and Rohit Sharma )  Highest ODI team total at Dubai (beating South Africa's 317-5 in November 2010).  It is also England's highest score 
 his team going at a rate of 10-an-over.  Jaydev Unadkat then gave the visitors a crucial breakthrough with the wicket of Rohit Sharma (30).  And thereafter, MI went off track, losing wickets at regular intervals.  Kieron Pollard (11) was dismissed by 
 as Shikhar Dhawan was replaced with Ajinkya Rahane, who scored 19 runs of 16 balls.  It wasn't also a good day for opener Rohit Sharma (5 runs from 3 balls) as he was the first to depart when Brad Hodge stunned him with an attractive piece of bowling.  Virat 
 the FDA notice states.  Those with questions about the recall may call 262-513-4122, the agency said.  Records Broken By Rohit Sharma in ODIs  Update your GK  Records Broken By Rohit Sharma in One Day Internationals  A General Knowledge Video by 
 recall may call 262-513-4122, the agency said.  Records Broken By Rohit Sharma in ODIs  Update your GK  Records Broken By Rohit Sharma in One Day Internationals  A General Knowledge Video by SuccessCDs Education.  ROHIT SHARMA, Indian cricketer emerges 
 your GK  Records Broken By Rohit Sharma in One Day Internationals  A General Knowledge Video by SuccessCDs Education.  ROHIT SHARMA , Indian cricketer emerges as the new record beaker with his smashing batting in the 4th One day International (ODI) 
 new record beaker with his smashing batting in the 4th One day International (ODI) against Sri Lanka at Eden Gardens.  Rohit Sharma broke Seven records in an ODI inning Record #1 Highest individual score 264 runs in an ODI inning Record #2 Highest list A 
 twitter tweets.  On the evening of eve of World environment day 2015, Cricketers Sachin Tendulkar, Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma along with Mr. Javadekar will plant saplings in Mumbai.  Media and celebrities have encouraged World Environment Day 
 nothing like theirs.  MELBOURNE: For someone who's waited four years, desperate to play a part in the 50-over World Cup, Rohit Sharma is still a man waiting to make the most of an opportunity.  Soft dismissals aren't helping his cause.  A 
 jagging one back him to trap him palpably in front.  The elevation of Ajinkya Rahane to No. 3 as he swapped spots with Rohit Sharma , was a failed experiment as the right-hand batsman was sucked into a drive, also by Prasad, to a wide outswinger that 
 their fast bowlers.  Smith led the way in the field with three run outs, two of them at crucial junctures.  He first ran out Rohit Sharma to aOlernKienOP New Cheap White Cement 4s dent Mumbai Indians after the steady start, and then caught Thisara Perera 
 it was really necessary to step up, putting pressure on people aOlernKienOP 70% Off Free Shipping Infrared 23 3s like Rohit Sharma , Rayudu, Peterson.  Ganguly, though can be spared here as instead of opening he gave the opportunity to others, however 
 boosted their morale to all time high and Mumbai will not prove to be an easy team for the Pune to compete with.  Skipper Rohit Sharma will be looking for an experiment in this match and we can witness a reshuffle in the team's batting order.  In the bowling 
 of players for the forthcoming contest includes Cheteshwar Pujara, Ambati Rayudu, Ajinkya Rahane, Ravindra Jadeja, Rohit Sharma , Ravichandran Ashwin, MS Dhoni, Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Mohammed Shami, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Varun Aaron, 
 day.  Source: News Corp Australia  THE pressure Australia built during a tedious morning has paid off with the wicket of Rohit Sharma .  The Indian No. 3 attempted to sweep a Nathan Lyon delivery but under-edged it onto his stumps.  The wicket leaves India 2 
 already.  Lokesh Rahul went a marathon 31 deliveries without scoring a run at one point and has crawled to 41 not out.  Rohit Sharma (47 not out) hasn't been much better.  It's been that bad we're even going to excuse some of the inane commentary that's 
 .  For them there is no baggage of the past I don't know how much difference it can make to them.  This is such a new team, like Rohit Sharma might have played 3 or 4 Test matches, Ajinkya Rahane might have played 4 Test matches.  It's a young side and perfect 
 , Sustainable social development, and Sustainable environmental development.  A few snapshots from BICOST VII  Rohit Sharma creates history with highest ODI score  Absolutely Incredible innings from Rohit Sharma for Indian Cricket Team..  
 few snapshots from BICOST VII  Rohit Sharma creates history with highest ODI score  Absolutely Incredible innings from Rohit Sharma for Indian Cricket Team..  Rohit Sharma creates history with highest ODI score..  Team Mobi-Club congratulates Indian 
 creates history with highest ODI score  Absolutely Incredible innings from Rohit Sharma for Indian Cricket Team..  Rohit Sharma creates history with highest ODI score..  Team Mobi-Club congratulates Indian Cricket Team on the huge win and salutes 
 creates history with highest ODI score..  Team Mobi-Club congratulates Indian Cricket Team on the huge win and salutes Rohit Sharma for his world record innings of 264.  Rohit rohit sharma becames first batsman who made two double hundreds in ODI.  First 
 congratulates Indian Cricket Team on the huge win and salutes Rohit Sharma for his world record innings of 264.  Rohit rohit sharma becames first batsman who made two double hundreds in ODI.  First batsman who completed 250 runs in ODI.  Also he becomes 
 .  Guess what?  Those left are strong enough, such as specialist batsmen Dhawan, Vijay, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma .  And spinners R.  Ashwin and Amit Mishra.  Plus, the pace (which is going to count in England): Irfan, Umesh, Vinay, 
 , international and local benefit from is absolutely crucial to prepare them to be great future global citizens, said Rohit Sharma , chief executive officer, INTI International University & Colleges.  Organized in partnership with Universiti 
 have been bought for huge sums.  Gautam Gambhir is the highest paid at $2.4 million.  Yusaf Pathan, Robin Uthappa, Rohit Sharma , Saurabh Tewary and Yuvraj Singh have also seen an upward revision of their purse at the IPL door.  As per IPL laws, only 
 , went down to Harbhajan for a duck to Harbhajan caught by Sachin Tendulkar.  That spelt disaster for the DC.  Thereafter Rohit Sharma scored 45 runs with two sixes and three fours.  The other contributors for Deccan Chargers were Monish Sharma 13, 
 rapid, exploratory testing.  He has been a presenter at PNSQC for the last 5 years.  Grigori Melnik, Michael Puleio, and Rohit Sharma are employed by Microsoft Patterns & Practices group.  Let the latest PNSQC news come directly to you!  The PNSQC 
 that have given out mandates to hire CFOs.  We are business and tech guys who are focused on running the business, says Rohit Sharma , founder of Pokkt, which raised $2.5 million in July.  Looking to close another round of funding in two months, Sharma 
 →  Must opposing teams panic coming to Mumbai Their 'fortress' breached by a spirited Kings XI Punjab, Indians skipper Rohit Sharma explained his crew will totally focus on generating its home floor a den where by opposing IPL groups be afraid ... 
 by seven wickets in Dharamsala on Friday.  The final match will be played at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Thursday.  Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina top-scored with 22 each as India were bowled out in 17.2 overs to record their second-lowest total in 
 Off on Another Online Academic Writing Resource Is Given a Close Look.  Non-achiever or Shining Star? § permalink  Rohit Sharma's promotion to No.3 failed to yield any better result than his first innings show as India reached 51 for two at lunch on the 
 floodlights of the Latinoamericano Stadium  BBC Sport - India beat Bangladesh to reach Cricket World Cup semi-finals Rohit Sharma led the scoring for India with a brilliant century India beat Bangladesh to reach Cricket World Cup semi-finals By 
 skipper Kevin Pietersen.  A lot will depend on these two senior players if England have to win tomorrow's match.  With Rohit Sharma performing superbly as a make-shift opener in the fourth ODI in Mohali, it looks India's opening woes finally have a 
 Kanth honoured at 45 th International Film festival of India to be held in Goa  Ravi Chopra (68) Film Maker died in Mumbai  Rohit Sharma scored 264 runs in ODI.  He broke Virendar Sehwag's world's highest score record in ODI  AAM Aadmi party has launched an 
 on the back foot.  A 51 run partnership between Virat Kohli, who continues to be India's standout batsman, and Rohit Sharma saw the visitors pull themselves back in to the contest.  The fight did not last long as newly recalled McKay chipped in 
 Australia and the subsequent triseries.  The tournament will also provide another opportunity to young players like Rohit Sharma , Suresh Raina and Ravindra Jadeja to prove their worth after producing a below-par performance in tough Australian 
 into the day, off the 37th ball of the morning.  It was to trigger a cataclysmic chain of events for India's batting order.  Rohit Sharma was left standing when Herath turned one past the outside edge and hit offstump, a regulation off-break from the 
 acclaimed singer-songwriter.  The only thing it lacks?  Javier.  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy match for their 
 Source of Fuel, Vishvendra Singh, NCETRET-2012.  Economic Superconductor: A Solution of Energy Crisis, Rohit Sharma , NCETRET-2012.  Geothermal Energy: An Economic and Eco-friendly Source of Renewable Energy, Rajpal Bunkar, 
 Source of Renewable Energy, Rajpal Bunkar, NCETRET-2012.  Conversion of Effluent Carbon Dioxide into Fuel, Rohit Sharma , NCEPRM-2011.  Catalytic Converter: A Better Solution for Reducing Automobile and Industrial Pollution, 
 development.  Paper Published in International Magazine on 'CO2 convert into Fuel' and 'Economic Super Computer'- Rohit Sharma .  Article published in the proceedings of FTiME, 2013- Akshat Aatrey.  This is another feather in the cap of 
  KKR continue to be on 4th spot in the points table.  Mumbai Indians managed to score just 141/5 in 20 overs.  Rayudu (33) and Rohit Sharma (51) were the only notable contributors to the total.  Morne Morkel took two wickets.  Robin Uthappa played a brilliant 
 and loosing amongst the viewers.  Without a doubt, young cricket stars of India, be it Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Mohammed Shami, Cheteshwar Pujara or Ishant Sharma, will have to put forward immaculate 
 .  The theme for this congress was Implantology-Precision to Perfection  Dr. Garima Mahajan, Dr. Aman Sachdeva, Dr. Rohit Sharma 2 nd yr P.  G students of Dept. of Prosthodontics attended and successfully contributed in the students scientific 
 a paper on BIOSEAL: The Physiological and Biological Barrier for Osseo integrated Supported Prosthesis, Dr. Rohit Sharma presented a paper on Occlusion in Implant Prosthodontics and Dr. Aman Sachdeva presented a poster on Resonance 
 Los Angeles, Should all severely injured children be transferred to Level I trauma centers?  An NTDB study  3rd place - Rohit Sharma , Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, The impact of race on the management of severe acute traumatic brain injury: an NTDB 
  He put on 124 with Ajinkya Rahane for the fourth wicket.  At the close India were 311 for four with Rahane unbeaten on 75 and Rohit Sharma not out 26.  The century continued Vijay's impressive start to the four-match series with scores of 53 and 99 in India's 
 , as they beat the hosts by nine wickets to take a 4-0 lead in the series.  After bowling Zimbabwe out for just 144, Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina hit unbeatean half-centuries as India achieved their target inside 31 overs.  Debutant Cheteshwar 
 Here  Current Affairs September 2011 - Which cricketer has been ruled out of ODI series against England due to fracture?  Rohit Sharma Name the.  Practical Information about Naples and Italy  Naples, Napoli in Italian, is in the region of Campania in 
 stand, after which four wickets fell quickly for only 25 runs, leaving the visitors at 133 for four.  Kohli (8) and Rohit Sharma (7) were both dismissed cheaply.  But Rahane hung on beautifully and enjoyed the familiar conditions.  The conditions 
 fielding.  In the Mumbai squad along with Sachin Tendulkar there are a quantity of match winners such as Ambati Rayudu, Rohit Sharma , Andrew Symonds, Harbhajan Singh, Lasith Malinga, Kieron Pollard, and Munaf Patel.  Sachin Tendulkar has scored a lot 
 are eating slowly slowly our future we have to make toughest rules to stop thes things drugs and other such products  rohit sharma 2 months 4 weeks ago  mobile van medical store should be approved . it will have reach for drugs for small villages. 
 five wickets for 50 runs in 9.2 overs.  Shakib and Taskin picked up two wickets each to leave India short of their target.  Rohit Sharma was the highest scorer for his team with 63 runs to his name.  Suresh Raina kept India in the game for a while with his knock 
 balls and struck a boundary while at the wicket.  The slower ball worked again for the Bangladesh left-arm fast bowler.  Rohit Sharma's promising knock was cut short at 63 when Mustafizur Rahman picked up his debut ODI wicket today.  Mustafizur gave 
 left-handed batsman faced 38 balls and struck three boundaries in his brief knock.  India's openers Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma gave their team a solid start with a 95-run partnership chasing Bangladesh's huge total at Mirpur Stadium.  Earlier, 
 in-form spinner Ashwin.  Mushfiq's miss-hit couldn't clear the field and was caught safely at straightish long-on by Rohit Sharma for 14.  Litton Das became the third Bangladeshi wicket to fall, second strike for Indian off-spinner R Ashwin in this 
 and ended up being dismissed by R Ashwin for 60 runs.  Tamim left the crease and lofted his shot straight down the throat of Rohit Sharma at long-off.  He played 62 balls, hammered seven 4s and a six while at the crease.  Bangladesh's fantastic opening stand 
 Tendulkar paid rich dividends for Mumbai in their last league game.  Mumbai's batting order finally looks settled with Rohit Sharma , West Indian Kieron Pollard, Ambati Rayudu and James Franklin sharing the burden of the middle order.  Rohit is in good 
 show that the back foot was in air when the bails came off.  OUT is flashed on the giant screen and SRT departs for 2!.  Rohit Sharma not out 10960125181.67Age: 25 Right Handed More..  .Dwayne Smith ––Age: 29 Right Handed More..  Kolkata Knight Riders 
 wickets.  Yuvraj Singh, the hero in the matches against England and Australia could only score 14 runs.  It was Gambir and Rohit Sharma , who helped India to achieve this score.  The score was not a pretty good one but, they were able to defend it properly.  
 skipper Mashrafe Bin Mortaza invited India to bat first considering the possibility of rain later in the day.  Opener Rohit Sharma looked strong, but speedster Mustafizur Rahman made him give a catch behind the wicket after the batsman made 29 off 29.  
 out of the rest of the series owing to a right hand injury sustained in the first Test.  Despite his twin failures in Galle, Rohit Sharma is expected to play and indeed bat at number three again.  Compared to the out-of-favour Cheteshwar Pujara, he has 
 of the 15 had earned their places with performances in either recent international cricket or domestic matches.  Rohit Sharma and Ishant were picked because of a lack of alternatives[url= 
 286, which eventually proved more than sufficient as England were dismissed for 194.  India's much maligned batsman Rohit Sharma was the last man from whom anyone expected an innings of such brutality and sustained hitting, simply because of the 
 performed flawlessly in last year's IPL owing to some decent performances by Mitchell Johnson, Dwayne Smith and Rohit Sharma .  They won't have the services of Mitchell Johnson, but they do have some good bowlers go fill that void.  With Zaheer Khan 
 makes this side a well balanced side.  This team will certainly be a tough customer to deal with.  Players to Watch out for: Rohit Sharma , Lasith Malinga, Michael Hussey, Zaheer Khan.  Rajasthan Royals have performed brilliantly over the years despite 
 cricketer was named as one of the five cricketers of 2014 for his performance in 2013 by WISDEN? 1) Virat Kohli 2) Dhoni 3) Rohit Sharma 4) Ravichandran Ashwin 5) Shikhar Dhawan  40.  TROPEX drill recently conducted by.... 1) Indian Army 2) CRPF 3) BSF 4) US 
 Indies' Chris Gayle earlier in the emulation.  One-day international twice hundreds Score Player Opposition Year Rohit Sharma (Ind) Sri Lanka 237* Martin Guptill (NZ) West Indies Virender Sehwag (Ind) West Indies Chris Gayle (WI) Zimbabwe Rohit 
 (Ind) Sri Lanka 237* Martin Guptill (NZ) West Indies Virender Sehwag (Ind) West Indies Chris Gayle (WI) Zimbabwe Rohit Sharma (Ind) Australia 200* Sachin Tendulkar (Ind) South Africa Cake Tin ceiling Opener Guptill, Curry ClutchFit Drive II 
 , against England 2007 in 12 balls  Man of the Match on ODI debut match  Indian bowler to top in the ICC ODI bowler's List  Rohit Sharma , 16 Sixes against Australia in Bangalore, 2013  First to score two Double Centuries in ODI  Mercer Island Public & 
 were at a tricky position.  Instead he chose to go with the fast off spin of Ravindra Jadeja and the part time off spin of Rohit Sharma in an effort to stem the flow of runs.  The plan backfired and the South Africans built up a deal that ultimately led to 
 Success Meet..  Sexy Pics of Adriana Lima (24 pics) Posted on July 4, 2013 in Girls Post. .. Dedicating my nude shoot to Rohit Sharma for his historic score!. . Jackson (1) Navel (2) Navya (1) Neelam Gill (1) Neetu (2) Neetu Chandra (2) Neha . Jan 28, 2015 
 have devastating implications for thousands of people seeking safety in Hungary.  The team did a victory lap, led by Rohit Sharma .  Coach Ricky Ponting, Anil Kumble, and Sachin Tendulkar joined in, as did the Nita Ambani, a team owner, and her son 
 team, the support staff, the owners, and everyone involved with the team, and also the fans, for having the patience.    Rohit Sharma , the skipper of the team, said: The support through the IPL was fantastic and I request all to come and support us in the 
 respect Dale Steyn, you need to be watchful upfront but take your opportunities.   Tendulkar also backed India opener Rohit Sharma to come good at the World Cup, despite managing just 15 runs against Pakistan, along with captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni 
 search of that elusive win which could get their campaign back on track.  This is a situation akin to last year when Rohit Sharma's men lost five successive games in the opening stages of the league, and yet managed to fight back and make it to the 
 of the major irregularities is about failure to recover penalty levied on the operator.  Read more >>>  Featured Image: Rohit Sharma  The Kachra Project  Weekly News Roundup: 4- 10 July, 2015.  Also read last week's news updates .  Subscribe to The Kachra 
 Dhawan struggling at the top.  Somehow, though, Dhawan scored 30 of possibly his most ungainly runs before falling.  Rohit Sharma , who looked much better than Dhawan, managed 24 at a marginally better strike rate.  Be that as it may, the two had given 
 are  Sachin Tendulkar – First cricketer to reach double century landmark.  He made 200 runs against South Africa in 2010.  Rohit Sharma - third cricketer to score 209 runs against Australia in 2013.  In November 2014, he broke his previous record and became 
 take you 25 min. to city centre.  Famous ...[more]  Rohit hits ODI double century as 3rd Indian batsman  RTNN News Desk: Rohit Sharma went into the history books by becoming the third Indian to hit a double century in ODI cricket, emulating Sachin 
 Malinga nearly got a wicket again with his first ball when he fired in a yorker to McCullum who squeezed it away towards Rohit Sharma at first slip, but was lucky as the fielder dropped a hard chance.  McCullum with this lucky break then decided to attack 
 one-day ton that helped guide the visitors to 311-7 off 50 overs.  Openers Shikhar Dhawan, with 69 off 76 deliveries, and Rohit Sharma , who contributed 46 off 78 balls, set the early platform in an opening stand of 123.  West Indies' reply never got the 
 already fielding several second-string players, in the absence of Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, MS Dhoni and Rohit Sharma .  With the youngsters in the team - we have to keep the team close to the combination we're trying to take to the World Cup.  
 when chief players are not able to display an optimum show with bat and ball.  Ravindra Jadeja, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma , who are popularly known as great cricketers, should be dropped as they are unable to continue superb innings on the 
 ) and Parthiv Patel (51 not out; 37b, 9x4) capped a perfect night for Mumbai with their 106-run opening stand and skipper Rohit Sharma applied the finishing touches.  Overview of courses at Madeira-ITI  The list below shows, in alphabetical order, the 
 .  Besides, once set, he can destroy any opposition with his explosive batting.  Vengsarkar: In batting, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Suresh Raina and (Ravichandran) Ashwin and (Ravindra) Jadeja (if fully fit) in bowling.  Q: India are in a tricky group 
 onto the title they won last year and you can get 9/1 on them at BWin as a result.  Coached by John Wright and captained by Rohit Sharma , the Indian have a lot of talent on board in the shape of Lasith Malinga, Mike Hussey and Kieron Pollard, but the loss of 
 that are relayed by millions from across the world.  Some of the more popular Indian cricketers on Twitter have been Rohit Sharma and Ravindra Jadeja.  But not lagging much behind in their popularity has been Manoj Tiwary, who quite essentially has 
 , remember Subramaniam Badrinath?  Tiwary's tryst with sour destiny began in 2007, when Raina was out of contention; Rohit Sharma was a good 3-4 months away from selection and Virat Kohli was still in school.  That's when a second string India team was 
 prodigal son had played his first international, fifteen years back and it soon became the place where 'talented' Rohit Sharma was born.  The IPL was even worse, no fixed batting position and a top order of Viru, Gauti and AB – he hardly got an 
 bounce' to be faced in Australia but guess what?  He was benched for fifteen games because the Indian captain felt that Rohit Sharma was an 'exceptional talent' and needed more chances to settle down.  And that Tiwary's chance would come later.  Come the 
 by Adidas are Virender Sehwag, Suresh Raina, Lasith Malinga, Dwayne Bravo, Kieron Pollard, Ravindra Jadeja and Rohit Sharma .  Some exceptions are allowed to cater for illnesses.  Make sure also there is no laws or regulations against you having a 
 Dhoni.  Those who failed to find a place in the team include spinner Pragyan Ojha, pacer S.  Sreesanth and all-rounder Rohit Sharma .  The selection panel, headed by chief selector K.  Srikkanth, chose the team out of a list of 30 probables.  Dhoni and 
 interesting to know that Hussey was dismissed for 1 in the IPL final in 2013-a game the CSK lost.  There are two reasons why Rohit Sharma comes in at number 1 in the list of the top match winners from the IPL in 2013.  First of all, he was the 6th highest run getter 
 lack of form and he led the team to a series of victories culminating to the memorable triumph n the final at Eden Gardens.  Rohit Sharma was without doubt the most influential match winner of the tournament.  Do watch out for this group of 10 incredible 
 the fifth over and claimed the big prize of Pollard on 7 a few deliveries later.  Anderson still continued his blast with Rohit Sharma who could muster only 12 before leaving in the 10th over with MI on 108 for four.  It was due to the long overdue Anderson 
 10th straight victory for Mumbai Indians at Wankhede Stadium. earlier, Mumbai posted 187/5 in 20 overs.  Gautam (30), Rohit Sharma (59*) and Kieron Pollard (43) were the top scorers.  The RCB openers started well, as Parthiv Patel (26) and Chris Gayle ( 
 heroic of Rossouw (24), Bangalore finished at 168/8 in 20 overs.  Bumrah, Harbhajan and Malinga took two wickets each.  Rohit Sharma was declared 'MoM'.  Videos created by TheNewTech community  Mike just can't shake his voice, Matt can't stop talking 
 ...  In 2000, Wlad repatriated from Japan and won the New Hampshire Democratic VP Primary...  Ranji Trophy round-up: Rohit Sharma , Shreyas Iyer slam centuries for Mumbai ... Firstpost While Iyer hit five sixes and 14 fours in his 110-knock that 
 one at the MA Chidambaram Stadium here.  Earlier electing to bat, India slumped to 35 for two after both the openers -- Rohit Sharma (21) and Shikhar Dhawan (7) were sent back to the pavilion by Morris and Rabada respectively.  Rohit was the first to be 
 fight but Andy Murray proved too good for the Indian, who bowed out of the ATP...  KOLKATA (TIP): In less than a week, Rohit Sharma has joined most of India's batting elite.  In Bangalore, he said hello to Sachin Tendulkar...  MOHALI (TIP): Shikhar 
 .  Gibbs was out after scoring 25 runs.  Other batsmen who contributed for Deccan Chargers were VVS Luxman 10, Symonds 22.  Rohit Sharma played a gem of an innings befitting the situation of his team.  Rohit Sharma batted very well and his 49 runs helped 
 Chargers were VVS Luxman 10, Symonds 22.  Rohit Sharma played a gem of an innings befitting the situation of his team.  Rohit Sharma batted very well and his 49 runs helped Deccan Chargers post a total of 148 runs for the loss of 9 wickets against 
 in at number 10.  India were set a daunting target of 360 by the Australians and got off to a brilliant start with openers Rohit Sharma (141*) and Shikhar Dhawan (95) putting on a great opening partnership; but the team needed someone to push on and drive 
 .  S.  Laxman and Sachin Tendulkar, a vast gap has been created in the Test squad.  Dynamic players like Cheteshwar Pujara, Rohit Sharma Murali Vijay, Ambati Rayudu, Shikhar Dhawan, Ravichandra Ashwin and Virat Kohli have got the potential to stand out 
 the middle-order batsmen.  In the Triseries, Shikhar Dhawan was miserably out of form and the problem was compounded by Rohit Sharma's injury after he had struck a brilliant century against Australia at the MCG.  With Dhawan having regained a semblance of 
 Tuning Technique  Analysis & Enhancement of Efficient and Secure communication in Vehicular Ad hoc Network  Rohit Sharma and Sumit Mohanty.  Designing of Digital PID controller for Blood Glucose of Diabetic patient by using various tuning 
 most of times affect the overall game result.  In a recent Cricket World Cup 2015 match between India and Bangladesh, Rohit Sharma's dismissal at the boundary was not given out because the field umpire declared it a No-ball.  This incident deeply hurt 
 Indians defeated Rajasthan Royals by 25 runs.  Mumbai scored 178/3 in 20 overs.  Mike Hussey (56), Lendl Simmons (62) and Rohit Sharma (40) were the top scorers.  Ankit Sharma took two wickets.  Defending champions Mumbai Indians suffered yet another 
 Interested candidates Applications in a sealed envelope super-scribing the Post Code shall be forwarded to the Mr. Rohit Sharma , Branch Manager, Repco Home Finance Ltd, Plot No. 737(P), 1st Floor,Jayadev Vihar, Bhubaneswar-751013, E-mail: 
 was awarded with Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna.  PR Sreejesh (hockey), Dipa Karmakar (gymnastics), Jitu Rai (shooting) and Rohit Sharma (cricket) were each awarded with a Arjuna Award.  The Dronacharya award and the Dhyan Chand awards were also awarded to 
 Super Kings in a lop-sided summit clash, here tonight.  Mumbai Indians posted an imposing 202 for five as skipper Rohit Sharma (50) and Lendl Simmons (68) rattled up a 119-run stand off just from 67 balls after being invited to bat.  The Mumbai 
 outing; Kohli hasn't been on top of his game but definitely looks determined to do well on his home ground.  Rahane and Rohit Sharma need to stay focused in the middle order and try to build solid partnerships when required; overall, they are a tough 
 Scott , American rapper and producer  Alipate Carlile , Australian footballer  Chris Morris , South African cricketer  Rohit Sharma , Indian cricketer  Nikki Webster , Australian singer and actress  Meredith L.  Patterson , American technologist, 
 193 balls, hitting nine fours.  Cracks in the pitch were starting to cause some deliveries to behave unpredictably and Rohit Sharma was the victim of a ball from Kallis which kept low and skidded into his stumps. - AFP  Age Grouper of the Week: Dave 
 have its finale on Saturday, October 15 at 8:00 PM with The Alegria Sisters by David Nice and directed by Lydia Brubaker.  Rohit Sharma's valiant knock of 72 off 99 balls gave India a thrilling one-wicket victory over the West Indies in their nerve-wracking 
 Ravindra Jadeja for these games.  Robin Uthappa has been included in the squad as the first-choice wicketkeeper, while Rohit Sharma makes a return to the squad after a two-month injury layoff due to a finger injury and a shoulder strain.  Should 
 (HPCA) stadium here Friday.  Set a target of 175, Deccan Chargers made 178 for five with five balls to spare after Rohit Sharma made an unbeaten 68 and Tirumalasetti Suman struck 43 at the picturesque stadium nestled in the Himalayas.  With their 
 dismissed India captain, MS Dhoni, and derailed an Indian chase that was on track until the start of the 47th over.  Then, Rohit Sharma , who had racked up 150 - the third-highest score of his ODI career - was sapped of energy and handed a return catch to Imran 
 gave a sensible opening stand of 76 runs, in the opening association, Shikhar Dhawan contributed 45 runs, while Rohit Sharma included 24 runs.  Shikhar Dhawan lost his wicket on 45 runs, he played well and put weight on Australia at a minute, while 
 included 24 runs.  Shikhar Dhawan lost his wicket on 45 runs, he played well and put weight on Australia at a minute, while Rohit Sharma played an ordinary innings and he couldn't proceed with his batting for a long while.  On the other side, India's head 
 in June-2010.  Kohli made T20I debut in the first match where he played an impressive innings with Yusuf Pathan, when Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina were dismissed by Ray Price in the eighth over.  Pathan and Kohli counterattacked and took India to an 
 year for me.  Nothing went right.  I knew I had made mistakes and spoke to senior players like Ajit Agarkar, Wasim bhai and Rohit Sharma .  They told me that such things happen when you are new to the game.  They were the toughest days of my career, Yadav says.  
 .  Chrish Gayle has become the first non-Indian to score a double ton in ODI with Sachin Tendulkar, Virendra Sehwag and Rohit Sharma being the rest of the three to reach the milestone.  Coincidentally, the record setter has scored his double century 
 56 off 35 balls by Darren Sammy that gave West Indies some hope.  But the hope was short-lived as Indian openers Dhawan and Rohit Sharma (52) went on scoring runs with ease and set the platform for the win with their 101-run first-wicket stand.  Dhawan and 
 , featured in the top 10 list by Forbes of the world's top earning actors.  KANPUR: A brilliant 150 off 133 balls from Rohit Sharma was in vain as South Africa defeated India by five runs in the first one-day international in Kanpur on Sunday.  
 pyrenoidosa for the simultaneous treatment of biogas digester wastewater and biogas production Pages : 318-321 Rohit Sharma , Avanish K Tiwari, G.  Sanjay Kumar, Bhawna Y.  Lamba Abstract  PDF  New Analytical Methods and Their Validation for the 
 in (CSK vs RCB) when Nehra bowled 62 overs and given 449 runs .He is one of the most expected bowler of Chennai Super Kings.  Rohit Sharma of Mumbai Indians is an right-handed Indian Cricketer.  His Performance in this IPL season is awe-inspiring.  Though MI 
 assault rifle.  The ACE incorporates enhanced human engineering and ergonomics claimed to meet the demands of the...  Rohit Sharma (40 and Lokesh Rahul (31) are the unbeaten batsmen.  Mitchell Starc took the wicket of Murali Vijay (0) in the very first 
 won the match against Bangladesh.  IPL has proved that spinners are a key in T20.  All the spinners, even part timers like Rohit Sharma and Yuvraj were getting bucket leads of wickets in the second edition of IPL.  Yuvraj even managed to get a couple of hat 
 and Evpraksiya . Other titles include Roxsolana , Ya, Bogdan , Smert u Kievi , Pervomist , Pivdenii Komfort , and Yulia .  Rohit Sharma : Assistant Professor, Dept. of Architecture, ITM University.  Rohit presents his interpretation of the domain he is 
 hospitality graduates.  As an award given by industry, the certificate is set to strengthen graduate employability.  Rohit Sharma (2nd from left) exchanges signing documents with Cheah Swee Hee, Hon. Secretary-General of Malaysian Association of 
 work skills that will prepare them for a career with the best hospitality establishments in Malaysia and abroad, said Rohit Sharma , INTI's Chief Operating Officer.  INTI also offers Chicago's No.1 programme for preparing students for culinary 
 win has its own relevancy and importance.  It is because most of the players in the team are young and a few among them like Rohit Sharma and Mohammad Shami have just made their debut in Test match zone.  As soon as West Indies lost their last wicket, crowd 
 gift to 'God of Cricket' by crushing West Indies from a big margin.  The 5-day match ended in just three days with Rohit Sharma and R Ashwin posting a record partnership for 7th wicket and Shami & Ashwin bowling good spells and taking 5 and 3 wickets 
 couple of runs in the final over.  The gigantic target of 350 started to look insignificant as soon as Indian openers – Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan – began their innings with the motto to beat Australia and level the series anyhow by 2-2 and repeated 
 of 156 runs, Shane Watson getting a total of 102 runs, Shikar Dhawan striking a ton, Virat Kohli – a smashing 115 runs and Rohit Sharma – 79 runs.  In the Nagpur pitch, there was hardly something for bowlers to do.  In the first innings, Indian bowling attack 
 the fastest one day international cricket century? 1) Corey Anderson 2) Shahid Afridi 3) AB de Villiers 4) Brian Lara 5) Rohit Sharma 5.  Which committee recommended the segregation of Chairman and Managing Director posts in public sector banks? 1) 
 in the series.  Electing to bat first after Dhoni won the toss, India suffered its first blow on just the second ball when Rohit Sharma was caught at cover by Sabbir Rahman off Mustafizur.  Dhawan and Virat Kohli steadied the innings with a 74-run second 
 emboldened by the bulk of runs behind it.  Apart from an enterprising 76-run opening stand between Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma , India had little at the top of the tree to benefit from.  Once Dhawan and Virat Kohli , out of sorts all game, fell within 16 
 company of Tiwary but, at 92, he fell, trying to smash one from Ojha through the covers and sending the ball straight to Rohit Sharma , who captained the side in the absence of Ricky Ponting, who sat out of today's game after a poor run with the bat this 
 last month, was also included in both the squads.  After being rested for the Zimbabwe ODI tour, the likes of Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , R Ashwin and Suresh Raina were automatic selections for both T20s and ODIs.  post Credited to : www.msn.com  Why not 
 experienced in the limited over versions of the game.  So, he can also give valuable tips to the younger players like Rohit Sharma , Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina.  Info please I have sent a couple of pm,s . it comes up as successfully sent but it does not 
 skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni is the other Indian batsman to be inside the top-10, hanging on to the eighth spot.  Opener Rohit Sharma made significant strides up the order as he jumped seven places to be joint 12th with Australian swashbuckler Steve 
 Codemasters' ability to fully leverage its attractive franchises such as its racing and cricket games, according to Rohit Sharma , chief Zapak.  Rod Cousens, CEO of Codemasters said, the acquisition will help us realise the full potential of our 
 which he is playing these days.  Even if he was taken the next blunder that Dhoni did was to send Yuvraj at second down after Rohit Sharma departed in the 11th over.  From 11th to 19th over, as long as Yuvraj was there at crease with Virat Kohli, it was the most 
 good condition when Rayudu departed in 14th over on 29 with MI score on 109 for 3.  But then it was bombardment from captain Rohit Sharma (14 balls 33 runs, 3 fours and 2 sixes), Keiron Pollard 10 balls 15 runs, 1 four and 1 six, Glenn Maxwell 14 balls, 37 runs, 4 
 .  A match against UAE will give the Indian players a chance to boost their respective averages.  It will also give opener Rohit Sharma a chance to get back to form after an indifferent start to the tournament.  Rohit could only score 15 against Pakistan 
 after another. – Huzaifa Md Hanif Patel, Mumbai  It was only a state election resultand not a national poll verdict.  Like Rohit Sharma scoring a ton at his home ground at Wankhade Stadium,Nitish and Lalu have performed well in their home state.  As Saint 
 , a lot of those players had gone.  We had to take a bit of a gamble and that's paid off.  Are you impressed by the captaincy of Rohit Sharma ?  What are the qualities that set him apart?  Rohit has done a terrific job this year.  He's been under more pressure than 
 ground against the same opposition, turned out to be one of the easier outings after an unbridled early onslaught by Rohit Sharma and Lendl Simmons, both of whom hit half-centuries, stunned Chennai Super Kings - veterans of IPL finals - into 
 lead the T20 side.  But the truth is, His unimpressive form forced the franchise to give the crucial the duty to Rohit Sharma .  Favorite Delhi batsman ensured a victory Cheap NFL Jerseys for Mumbai, The franchise may switch to somebody most 
 in Nangitikri forward area along LoC in. . Nitin Gadkari and Sushma Swaraj meet slain soldier's family Ricky Ponting Rohit Sharma Sachin Tendulkar Shah Rukh Khan Smoking, Tobacco etc Suhel Seth Sushma Swaraj Travel & Tourism USA Women Yemen.  Nov 18, 
 appeared a tad fruitful for his team as India failed to put an impressive show with the bat at the beginning.  The opener Rohit Sharma was out at the score of 13 runs when Sachithra Senanayake trapped him in an excellent bowling spell.  However, soon after 
 to online users rather it has marked its presence across India by launching a number of franchised gameplexes.  As per Rohit Sharma , CEO, Zapak Digital Entertainment Ltd, Zapak is India's largest gaming company with interests in online gaming, 
 Stadium in Chennai and Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai are spots selected for 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th ODIs, respectively.  Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, along with key bowlers, are to play pivotal role to make India pull through from the 
 Singh was out of sorts today and even though he took some time to get his eye in, his timings was not up to the mark today.  Rohit Sharma once again made a strong case for his ODI inclusion by showing that he has a mature head and can strike the ball 
 ball quite well.  His electric fielding also helped to raise the overall level of Indian fielding in this tournament.  Rohit Sharma , when finally his chance came, grabbed it with both hands with a scintillating 50* against South Africa.  He doesn't 
 61.83 having scored 371 in four Tests including a century and two fifties) earned him a place in the playing eleven over Rohit Sharma .  [ 19 ] He justified his selection by making his second hundred at the second Test match at Lord's Cricket Ground.  Put in 
 ,Southampton Rahane scored half centuries in both the innings.  In the first inning , he put on a 74 run partnership with Rohit Sharma on day 3 but was soon dismissed after tea-break.  [ 23 ] In the second innings, he put up a lone fight as Indian Batting 
 Bangladesh.  Next was the tour of England.  He was selected in the team as middle order batsman.  But owing to an injury to Rohit Sharma in first odi, he was promoted up the order . [ 26 ] In the next four odi's ,he opened the innings alongside Shikhar Dhawan.  
 200th and final Test.  India got off to a good start with the ball, removing Chris Gayle for just 11 in the sixth over, with Rohit Sharma taking the catch off Mohammed Shami.  The pacemen got some good movement early on, and the spinners generated a 
 skipper JP Duminy and Royal Challenger Bangalore's Virat Kohli are the only two who have yet to hit a fifty.  Mumbai's Rohit Sharma , who started his campaign in style with an innings of 98 not out, has then struggled, getting back-to-back ducks.  All 
 an ODI career that has stalled at 16 matches for close to six months.  The right-hander could come in for statemate Rohit Sharma , considering that he's opened for India before.  After measly returns in Harare, Rohit found his feet again in the 
 its long-term broadcasting deal if it fails to host India for a  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  BRISBANE: The 
 Sachin Tendulakr along with some other big names out of the couple of ODI's.  Long term absentees include Yuvraj Singh, Rohit Sharma ,Virender Sehwag and Munaf Patel,as they failed to recover in time.  Off-color Harbhajan faced an axe from the Squad; 
  Perhaps Maxwell and Faulkner tried to spell the the fate of the match differently.  The scintillating batting headed by Rohit Sharma finally yielded.  It is indeed true that Indians have been able to register a terrific victory, but the do-or-die 
 ..  soccer jerseys it works best with the intensify chipset asus wl 500w, Atletico Madrid Shoe Carnival Hours  Rohit Sharma , the Mumbai captain, used five bowlers between overs 11 and 15 and Samson and Nair took more than 10 runs of everyone, 
 between Sunrisers' bowling and Mumbai Indians' batting.  Mumbai have a formidable batting line-up with captain Rohit Sharma being one of the leading run scorers in the tournament.  SRH coach Tom Moody said his team feels confident on home surface 
 as he bamboozled the UAE batsmen with his variations.  They simply were all at sea against the pace and bounce at WACA.  Rohit Sharma too got into the thick of things as he must have been eager to make a mark after that run-out against South Africa.  It 
 of India's historic chases but unfortunately his 13-ball short journey came to an end against a fired-up Johnson.  Soon Rohit Sharma followed suit after threatening to repeat his quarter-final heroics.  With every wicket the TV room was getting 
 .  It is often said that a solid opening partnership determines the fate of the match.  Indian openers, Dhawan and Rohit Sharma could score a magnificent 176 runs in their most effective partnership, whereas their arch rival Australia had to 
 the name of furious Virendra Sehwag, who had been holding the record as yet by reaching the milestone in just 60 balls.  Rohit Sharma's brilliant 141 had been duly overshadowed by the dazzle of the Virat Kohli century.  However, Sharma not only paved the 
 he won the toss too, so India would bat first.  Everything was going according to plan.  But ...  Mohali : Top order batsman Rohit Sharma , medium pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar and all-rounder Stuart Binny were on Thursday released from the Indian cricket team, 
 them.  But to accommodate those extra bowling resources, both teams have sacrificed on a batsman.  For India that was Rohit Sharma ; Cheteshwar Pujara's skillful century in seamer-friendly Colombo at the top of the order has earned him back his 
 Singh, Waseem Raza, Ram Dayal, Sameer Ali, Adil Reshi, Deepak Manhas, Zahoor Sofi, Bandeep Singh, Mohammad Mudhasir, Rohit Sharma , Amir Sofi, Paras Sharma, Shubham Khajuria, Samad Bhat and Umar Nazir.  Under-19: Shubham Singh Pundir, Momin Mansoor 
 equalled Ganguly's innings during the 1999 Cricket World Cup as the highest individual score against Sri Lanka, until Rohit Sharma scored 264 runs in 2014.  Dhoni has the fourth highest batting average(52.24) in One Day International cricket, in the 
 if the team has to have any chance of putting up a big total.  In the first game, while chasing a target 0f 308, Dhawan got 30, Rohit Sharma got 63, Raina got 40 and Ravindra Jadeja got 32 but none of them could provide the thrust that was needed to chase that 
 is almost always set up by any one of the top 3 batsmen in a batting line up and in that regard the Indian top 3 of Dhawan, Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli have come up short.  On their day they can all play a blinding innings that can knock the stuffing out of the 
 the stuffing out of the opposition bowling attack but in the first 2 ODIs the highest score among the 3 was 63 scored by Rohit Sharma in the first ODI and although Dhawan scored a patient 53 in the second he never really got going.  The inability of the top 3 
 gaming portals is betting big on game related advertising, as it contributes a major part of its income.  Says Zapak COO Rohit Sharma , Game related advertising is definitely growing in India.  It did not exist till a year back.  Today, it contributes 35% 
 match and then made a brilliant 140-ball 138 in his flamboyant fashion at Chennai bodes well for the hosts.  Kohli and Rohit Sharma , who too is in good nick with 239 runs in his kitty which is one run better than the former, and the steady Ajinkya Rahane 
 Indies brought mixed responses from the viewers for the reason that Master Blaster was dismissed on just 10 runs but Rohit Sharma and R Ashwin showed good performances.  The huge disappointment for the viewers came as soon as Shane Shillingford 
 the return on their popular Arrival Plus Mastercard, amongst other negative changes.  At 1:05pm on February 24, 2009, Rohit Sharma said...  Namaste Nikki, Would you please share some knowledge from your bag of astrology and yoga and other mystic world 
 Bangladesh, say decisions made by officials seemed to have been pre-arranged.  He was especially angry that India's Rohit Sharma , who made 137, had not been given out when caught on 90 after umpires Aleem Dar and Ian Gould signalled a no-ball for what 
 the soft skills they need to be successful.  It is essential for employers to be represented in the classroom, said Mr. Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer of INTI.  Practical knowledge of what skills employers need will help realise the ambitions 
 handled with ease by Kohli.  After the initial burst with the new ball that saw Shikhar Dhawan (1), Murali Vijay (18) and Rohit Sharma (5) dismissed cheaply, Sri Lanka came under Kohli's wheel before Karthik finished it off with a boundary.  Suresh Raina 
 cut off power.  Its my first week in the industry and I'm excited to meet new MUMBAI (Local TV) – Famous Indian skipper Rohit Sharma tied the knot with his fiancee Ritika Sajdeh at a grand ceremony held in 2015-12-14 14:30:18 It's Not The Indian Rupee 
 by substitute Brendon McCullum off Narine to make it 82 for three.  McCullum almost messed it up, but held on to the ball.  Rohit Sharma , captaining the side in the absence of Ricky Ponting, who stayed out of today's match after a poor run this season, 
 .  On Thursday, Indian skipper arrived on the field with major changes in the 'playing XI'.  Dropping Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma and Mohammed Shami and bringing Gautam Gambhir, Ashwin and Varun Aaron into the play, the guest was expected to perform 
 were thrashed all over the park.  Lasith Malinga and Vinay Kumar looked far from their best and lacked penetration.  Rohit Sharma will expect that his team plays with more discipline this time around, be it with the bat or with the ball.  With Rajasthan 
 four of their six matches, with their only victories coming against Associate nations Scotland and Afghanistan.  Rohit Sharma is ready for Australia's verbals in the Cricket World Cup semi-final and the India batsman insists he will ignore any 
 verbals in the Cricket World Cup semi-final and the India batsman insists he will ignore any sledging.  India batsman Rohit Sharma has warned that Australia will be wasting their time if they try to get under his skin in Thursday's Cricket World Cup 
 India's bowlers tipped to shine at the Sydney Cricket Ground, which traditionally favours spin bowlers.  India opener Rohit Sharma said: If you look at the history of the city [Sydney], it gives a lot of time towards spin bowlers, and they actually come 
 early damage, sending back Tirumalsetti Suman (5) and Ambatti Rayudu (2) as Mumbai struggled at 17/2 after four overs.  Rohit Sharma (58) and Tendulkar (31) tried hard to steady the boat, but with the master blaster being caught at the boundary while 
 lost wickets at regular intervals and the credit goes to their disciplined bowling.  Mumbai lost Aiden Blizzard (15), Rohit Sharma (5) and Sachin Tendulkar (6) in three consecutive overs.  Praveen Kumar gave Punjab a crucial breakthrough early in the 
 performance led by purple cap holder Lasith Malinga saw that the good work by the batsmen, especially Ambati Rayudu and Rohit Sharma , did not go waste as Mumbai Indians scored an emphatic 32-run victory over Delhi Daredevils in their Indian Premier 
 .  The swashbuckling opener tried to pull a a short ball on middle and off and only managed a top edge which was snaffled by Rohit Sharma .  Sehwag made 2 with the score on four for three wickets.  Soon it became seven for four wickets when Naman Ojha got a huge 
 , the new man in, also did not last long trying to smash a short ball from Munaf Patel but managed to hit it to long-off where Rohit Sharma took a good diving catch.  Soon it became 83 for four with Dinesh Karthik (1) falling leg before to Pollard as he walked 
 at point off Chawla with Mumbai Indians on 144 for four after 18 overs.  Mumbai Indians finally ended at 159 for five with Rohit Sharma making an 11-ball 18 with three boundaries.  (Sports Network) - The Toronto Raptors will try and stop a four-game slide 
 trainers are in the spotlight, too.  We're a first responder, another set of eyes pretty much, said athletic trainer Rohit Sharma .  The guys on the sidelines are specially trained to watch for injuries...  In response, ACEEE is pleased to announce the 
 be awarded the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna, the country's highest sporting honour, while 17 others, including cricketer Rohit Sharma , hockey goalkeeper P.R. Sreejesh and ace shooter Jitu Rai will be given Arjuna awards.  Toronto: Reigning Wimbledon 
 by India's Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar against New Zealand at Hyderabad (Deccan) in 1999.  (Chris Gayle reveals Rohit Sharma as his inspiration) 215 - Gayle's innings was the first double century at the World Cup and beat the tournament's 
 sixes Gayle struck equalled the most for an individual ODI innings shared by South Africa's AB de Villiers and India's Rohit Sharma . 5 - The number of double centuries now scored in the 3,612 match history of ODI cricket, with Gayle's the first by a 
 centuries now scored in the 3,612 match history of ODI cricket, with Gayle's the first by a non-Indian batsman after Rohit Sharma (two), Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar. 3 - Gayle's was the third-highest ODI innings behind Sharma's 264 
  Prospective Collaborative Organizations for PBI  Paper from PBI of 2009 batch has been awarded certificate of merit Rohit Sharma , Yash Nemani, Sumit Kumar, Lalit Kane, Pritee Khanna, Recognition of Single Handed Sign Language Gestures using 
 have been able to pull off an emphatic win at Nagpur.  A solid opening partnership between Shikhar Dhawan with 100 and Rohit Sharma with 79 had formulated the base.  When Virat Kohli appeared on the stage, the match was quiet open.  His magical knock full 
 MS Dhoni, Virat Kohli and Ravichandran Ashwin were rested.  The likes of regulars Shikhar Dhawan, Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma have been rested too.  Ajinkya Rahane has [...]  Prosecutors say tools that cloak online identities are complicating 
 ) Who recently became the first ever Indian cricketer to score a hundred in the ICC World Cup match against Pakistan?  (A) Rohit Sharma (B) Virat Kohli (C) Suresh Raina (D) None of these  10) Who is the director of the movie'Dhanak' that was honoured at the 
 day, Anything less than a first World Cup win will be a disappointment.  Along the way they have beaten England, openers Rohit Sharma and Dhawan gave India an ideal platform from which to launch their final charge.  With the previous two matches 
 Pradeep then bowled Lokesh Rahul and trapped Ajinkya Rahane leg-before to leave India on 7-3.  Skipper Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma played out time before heavy rain ended play 35 minutes early.  Pujara had been dropped for India's last four Tests 
 in Engineering and German.  Maharashtra Govt wants Sachin Tendulkar, Amitabh Bachchan as tiger campaign amba...  Rohit Sharma needs to bat at No 3 position, says Virat Kohli  Suresh Raina leaves Rhiti Sports; signs Rs 35-crore deal with IOS  South 
 over from Starc first up.  India's openers are making their way out onto the field, with the hyped-up Australians in tow.  Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan will take first bat against Australia.  World Cup Semi Final - Australia v India - Great atmosphere 
 contributions in Chennai, is due for a big knock, Yuvraj Singh is yet to translate his success in Twenty20s to ODI while Rohit Sharma's run drought continues.  The injury to Virat Kohli, who has been India's highest run getter in both Tests and ODIs last 
 looked set for a bigger score when he was dismissed shortly before tea, playing a reverse sweep off Ashwin straight to Rohit Sharma at point.  India grabbed the last five wickets for 26 runs after Sri Lanka were sailing at a comfortable 242-5 before 
 Conitzer and Winikoff, Michael and Wiebe van der Hoek and Lin Padgham}, pages = {1171-1172} }  The Emergence of a Star – Rohit Sharma  November 8 – India, the country which is popular amongst millions of people residing different corners of the world by 
 , Subhash Chandra Bose, Mahatma Gandhi, Sarojini Naidu and many others, is shining these days by a new name and that is Rohit Sharma .  The 26 year old player from Nagpur has made the nation proud.  It hasn't been more than a week when his massive innings 
 Shield match in Sydney. a.  Phillip Hughes b.  Merv Hughes c.  Trevor Hughes d.  None of these  84.  Indian cricketer Rohit Sharma created world record of highest individual score in one day international matches against Sri Lanka on November 13, 
 they produced a ramshackle performance in the field and gave away soft wickets during their reply.  The hosts dismissed Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli in the opening 10 overs, but Dhawan led a charmed life as he was caught off a Kyle Jarvis no-ball, dropped 
 if the team has to have any chance of putting up a big total.  In the first game, while chasing a target 0f 308, Dhawan got 30, Rohit Sharma got 63, Raina got 40 and Ravindra Jadeja got 32 but none of them could provide the thrust that was needed to chase that 
 is almost always set up by any one of the top 3 batsmen in a batting line up and in that regard the Indian top 3 of Dhawan, Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli have come up short.  On their day they can all play a blinding innings that can knock the stuffing out of the 
 the stuffing out of the opposition bowling attack but in the first 2 ODIs the highest score among the 3 was 63 scored by Rohit Sharma in the first ODI and although Dhawan scored a patient 53 in the second he never really got going.  The inability of the top 3 
 200 runs against South Africa in 2010, Virendra Sehwag, the second cricketer who scored 219 against West Indies and Rohit Sharma , the third cricketer who scored 209 runs against Australia in 2013.  Datuk Nicol David, Malaysia's squash player set a 
 .  Mukesh and his lovely wife Nita Ambani threw a lavish party in honour of newly wed, cricketer Harbhajan Singh and Rohit Sharma .  Their respective better halves also graced the party.  The grand bash witnessed a celebrities both from Tinseltown 
 Sharma got Ambatti Rayudu bowled as the batsmen exposed his leg stump for 2 the home side were in trouble at 19 for two.  Rohit Sharma then joined his captain Sachin Tendulkar, but Ishant Sharma produced another beauty of a delivery in his third over to 
 his captain Sachin Tendulkar, but Ishant Sharma produced another beauty of a delivery in his third over to get rid of Rohit Sharma for four as the ball swung away just a bit, taking the outside edge through to 'keeper Kumar Sangakkara as Mumbai Indians 
 of 172 for the loss of four wickets from their 20 overs, thanks to an unbeaten century stand between Andrew Symonds and Rohit Sharma .  Both the batsmen came together when Mumbai Indians were reeling at 70 for the loss of four wickets.  They not only 
 301 balls.  Even though he did not touch the mark of 200 runs, he won millions of hearts.  R Ashwin Smashes Ton – To accompany Rohit Sharma in the best possible way and to give a halt to frequent falling wickets, Ravichandran Ashwin played a beautiful innings 
 Dalmiya, Mamta Banerjee and former Indian skipper Saurav Ganguly honored Sachin on his last match in Kolkata.  Rohit Sharma received 'Man of the Match' award for smashing a ton in debut match.  In just about every horror movie that has an exorcism 
 .  TEMPERS flared in the one-day international at the MCG with Australian star David Warner confronting India's Rohit Sharma about a cheeky overthr...  RAFAEL Nadal shrugged off a 6-2 6-0 defeat to Andy Murray at the Mubadala tennis exhibition, 
 looks good in the presence of Malinga and Zaheer while Ojha and Bhajji are expected to improve their game.  Captain Rohit Sharma need an inning to get the confidence back and return to form which is a must for MI.  Team relies a lot on Michael Hussey for a 
 Efforts to Plant Trees Across the Country  On the evening of June 5, cricketers Sachin Tendulkar, Ajinkya Rane and Rohit Sharma , along with Shri Prakash Javadekar and Maharashtra Minister for primary, higher and technical & Medical education 
 day.  Source: News Corp Australia  THE pressure Australia built during a tedious morning has paid off with the wicket of Rohit Sharma .  The Indian No. 3 attempted to sweep a Nathan Lyon delivery but under-edged it onto his stumps.  The wicket leaves India 2 
 already.  Lokesh Rahul went a marathon 31 deliveries without scoring a run at one point and has crawled to 41 not out.  Rohit Sharma (47 not out) hasn't been much better.  It's been that bad we're even going to excuse some of the inane commentary that's 
 up a block shot off his own bowling, turn and throw down the stumps at the non-strikers end.  Earlier in the match, captain Rohit Sharma's (26) decision to bat first on the Mohali green top proved a sterling one as his openers, man-of-the-match Lendl Simmons 
 was the unbeaten 56-run partnership off 32 balls with Raina which finally took India home.  Chasing 184 to win, openers Rohit Sharma (14) and Shikhar Dhawan (35) made a watchful start as pacers Brian Vitori and Michael Chinouya bowled in tandem.  
 Pakistan in three-match ODI series.  Chasing a massive 308-run target, India were bowled out for 228 in 46 overs.  Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan began the innings in style, bringing up the team's fifty in 7.4 overs to give India a solid platform in 
 only gold chains and an American flag speedo. ...  tralia  ICC  ICC Cricket World Cup  MS Dhoni  new zealand  Pakistan  rohit sharma  Shikhar Dhawan  south africa  Virat Kohli The India cricket team's opening batsman Shikhar Dhawan has spent more 
 over his past 3 matches.  He took 2-39 off 4 overs versus the Mumbai Indians, including the wickets of Mike Hussey and Rohit Sharma .  The wicket to dismiss Mike Hussey was an absolute jaffa, pitching on middle and taking the top of off-stump with him - 
 has the most exciting young batting line-up in the world today.  Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane, led by their ...  Higher fees for school care centres?  A FTER-SCHOOL care services in primary 
 with Chennai Super Kings team trembled while the talk of the match was absence of Master blaster continuously.  Captain Rohit Sharma must have clearly understood the pros and cons of the batting of his team and needs to work on it.  In the last match team was 
 on gold4fans now?  Dear RS 07 fans ,In the main RuneScape game, players seek out a character called 'Conservationist Rohit Sharma ' to take part in the Big Cats Quiz, where they can compete to secure points and adopt the jaguar and tiger cub companions, 
 by the middle order batsmen that changed the entire fate of team India, which appeared as a victor at one point of time.  Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane lost their wickets on 19 and 18, respectively, at the stage when India literally needed a stabilized 
 together are not able to perform and their last match's 87 run defeat against Rajasthan has shown it once again.  Rohit Sharma and Dinesh Karthik are however performing their part honestly and boosting the team's play.  They are perfectly 
 to perform their hidden talent.  Bhauji No.1 - season 6 Audition Details and Online Registration Coming Soon.  Rohit Sharma created history by becoming the highest scorer and the first cricketer to score 264 in ODI . 1st 50 in 72 balls. 2nd 50 in 28 
 109, Anwar made the ball turn corners as he finished with figures 5-35, shooting India out for 71.  His victims included Rohit Sharma , Cheteshwar Pujara and Ravindar Jadeja – all of whom have made their mark for India in international cricket.  Two years 
 in the IPL ranking with a 14 points lead sharing space with 3 other teams.  Also there are many eyes set on the skipper Rohit Sharma after his performance against Chennai in the last match.  Adding to the win of the Mumbai team are the last over firing 
 .  As Saha was a reserve gloveman, he was not expected to play, but V.  V.  S.  Laxman failed to recover from injury and Rohit Sharma , the only reserve specialist batsman in the squad, injured himself playing football in the warm-up on the first 
 by a score of 111* in the next Test at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai  30 April 1987 (age 27) Nagpur, Maharashtra, India  Rohit Sharma was born in a Telugu Brahmin family of Gurunath Sharma and Purnima Sharma who hailed from Visakhapatnam in Andhra 
 his mark at the 2006 U-19 World Cup in Sri Lanka, finishing 11th on the ranking of top run-makers in the tournament.  [ 10 ]  Rohit Sharma made his List A debut for West Zone against Central Zone in the Deodhar Trophy in March 2006;, at Gwalior.  [ 11 ] It was his 
 League T20, Sharma was appointed as the captain of the Mumbai Ranji team for the 2013-14 season.  [ citation needed ]  Rohit Sharma is one of the debutant Indians who scored a century in his first Test match against West Indies at Kolkata on 7 November 
 Ireland at Belfast, although he did not bat in the match.  [ 17 ]  Sharma during the 2007 ICC World Twenty20 in South Africa.  Rohit Sharma eventually made his mark on the international stage on 20 September 2007, when he led India to victory by scoring an 
 declared Man of the Match.  [ 18 ] Sharma then proceeded to score 30 runs off 16 balls in the final against Pakistan.  [ 19 ]  Rohit Sharma scored his maiden ODI half-century against Pakistan, at Jaipur on 18 November 2007.  [ 20 ] and was selected as part of 
 ODI innings.  His innings of 209 is the second highest score by a batsman in an ODI, behind Virender Sehwag's 219.  [ 2 ] [ 35 ]  Rohit Sharma was called into the Indian Test team in February 2012 [ citation needed ] as the only reserve batsman, and when V.  V.  S.  
 in India: India v Australia at Rajkot, Oct 10, 2013  Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai, India  One Day Internationals Centuries  Rohit Sharma's One Day International Centuries  Rohit Sharma is one of the most successful players in IPL and has the unique record of 
  Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai, India  One Day Internationals Centuries  Rohit Sharma's One Day International Centuries  Rohit Sharma is one of the most successful players in IPL and has the unique record of finishing the match by scoring a last-ball six.  
 , who is the fielding consultant of IPL franchise Mumbai Indians, also had a word of advice for the Indian batsmen.   Rohit Sharma tried to pull a good-length delivery against Pakistan, and was out to a mistimed shot.  Rohit and the other Indian 
 , which starts early next month, in opposition to the guest!  It is quite interesting to notice who among Ambati Rayudu, Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh are given the optimal chance to 
 and PhD students of participating faculties  This course is part of the GP-OML program ( www.GP-OML.nl )  India release Rohit Sharma , Stuart Binny, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, ask them to play Ranji Trophy  Rohit Sharma is all set to play their respective Ranji 
 program ( www.GP-OML.nl )  India release Rohit Sharma, Stuart Binny, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, ask them to play Ranji Trophy  Rohit Sharma is all set to play their respective Ranji sides.  (Source: PTI)  Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit 
 Sharma is all set to play their respective Ranji sides.  (Source: PTI)  Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy match for their 
 to do some damage to opposition's bowling.  Pollard is looking good with his all-round performance in every game and Rohit Sharma has to perform well in the big stage.  In CSK side, Ravichandran Ashwin was looked good against RCB, mainly bowled well to 
 Rhodes, Robin Singh and John Wright the team has been beaten in every match they have played so far.  The MI team lead by Rohit Sharma has simply failed to click but this rise of Pollard in the last encounter was at least been a breach from the continuous 
 planning right from the auction's stage to the batting strategies.  In the already crumbling fortress of MI skipper Rohit Sharma seems to be completely out of form having scored just 84 runs from their five matches so far in the tournament.  Corey 
  Each student is required to submit seprate report.  Paper from PBI of 2009 batch has been awarded certificate of merit Rohit Sharma , Yash Nemani, Sumit Kumar, Lalit Kane, Pritee Khanna, Recognition of Single Handed Sign Language Gestures using 
 , went down to Harbhajan for a duck to Harbhajan caught by Sachin Tendulkar.  That spelt disaster for the DC.  Thereafter Rohit Sharma scored 45 runs with two sixes and three fours.  The other contributors for Deccan Chargers were Monish Sharma 13, 
 ODI though it lost two wickets early in the form of Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli.  It was due to the immaculate innings by Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Suresh Raina that allowed India to set a humongous target for the opponents 
 of 303/5 in 50 Overs.  This was look easy for the India team when they came to the batting and looked in a great position as Rohit Sharma who knocked one more century and done a very good partnership with Ajinkiya Rahane but after the loss of Rahane's Wicket 
 ) · Pradeep Singh - Anmol Kc interview for Jerryy Nepali Movie (Video) · Pradeep Singh -.  Ajay & Anmol . Inside Pictures: Rohit Sharma & Ritika Sajdeh's Wedding Was Amazeballs!  Anmol KC To Feature With Miss Nepal Shristi Shrestha.  Citygirl Weddings - 
 Bangladesh in March.  Mahendra Singh Dhoni will be the captain of the side that includes Gautam Gambhir, Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma , Irfan Pathan, Ravindra Jadeja and R Ashvin.  There was much speculation that Tendulkar would be rested after his poor 
 expressed confidence that he will be considered by the Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF).  3 years ago - VISAKHAPATNAM: Rohit Sharma struck six off last ball of the innings to steer Mumbai Indians to an unbelievable five-wicket victory against Deccan 
 , Ref. 7288 on 31 Oct 2011 at KUK.  20.  Criminal Justice System and Fundamental Rights in India: A Critical Appraisal by Rohit Sharma , Ref. 07189 on 03 Oct 2011 at KUK.  21.  Role of ADRs in family disputes by Isha Samdyan, Ref. 07181 on 31 May 2011 at KUK.  22.  
 Jahurul Islam (53) for the second wicket after Bangladesh lost opener Nizamuddin early.  Jadeja got Islam caught by Rohit Sharma , to reduce the hosts to 128/2, after his gritty knock of 53 which was studded with four boundaries and a six.  Came to bat 
 .  Praveen Kumar gave India the first breakthrough when Bangladesh scorecard read 15.  He got Nazimuddin caught by Rohit Sharma in the fifth over.  Earlier, Sachin Tendulkar finally reached the historic milestone of 100 international centuries 
 batsman Lokesh Rahul (10 runs of 13 balls; 4 x1), who was in at no. 3, turned a run out victim when Mumbai Indians' captain Rohit Sharma hit the stumps at the correct time, giving an early breakthrough to his young squad.  Finch poured great efforts to stand 
 also struck 68 runs together with astounding 4 sixes and 5 boundaries prior throwing his wicket to Bhuvneshwar Kumar.  Rohit Sharma and Kieron Pollard (6 runs of 7 balls), who showed his worthiness in the blue team for more than a few occasions, chased 
 the last ball of the 23rd over, with India's score at 3-112.  David Warner could be in hot water for his fiery exchange with Rohit Sharma .  Picture: Wayne Ludbey.  Source: News Corp Australia  It was sparked when Rohit pushed a James Faulkner delivery wide of 
 electing to field, with Saeed Ajmal claiming 3-40 and debutant fast bowler Mohammad Talha and Hafeez two each.  Opener Rohit Sharma (56) and Ambati Rayudu (58) were the main contributors for India at the top of the order, before Ravindra Jadeja hit an 
 look largely settled with Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, KL Rahul, Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma having little to worry about.  Patil and Co. would however be forced to discuss the position of Suresh Raina who 
 .  We wish our lions Maxwell and Johnson all the best for the match. ... MORE  Bowlers take India into semi-finals after Rohit Sharma's maiden World Cup ton at the MCG. ... MORE  RCITY joined the Amplify NI programme earlier in the spring - this is their story  
 , coordinator of the UVI-AASCU Community Engagement Focus Group, at skabuka@uvi.edu or 340-626-7588.  A fit-again Rohit Sharma and Manish Pandey slammed strokeful centuries as India A feasted on Sri Lanka's mediocre attack before registering a 
 financial information.  Home ' Cricket Cup ' Rohit revels in special century '  Rohit revels in special century  Rohit Sharma felt his maiden World Cup century against Bangladesh on Thursday was among the best innings of his career.  Having 
 best innings of his career.  Having helped India into the Cricket World Cup semi-finals with a knock of 137 on Thursday, Rohit Sharma described the century as one of his best.  Rohit made his maiden century at the competition off 126 balls with the help of 
 Suranga Lakmal, keeping the conditions in mind, and he repaid the faith in abundance.  India's start was sedate, with Rohit Sharma's struggles at the top of the order continuing.  Rohit was unable to get the score moving and when he fell, India was 33 for 1 
 will miss the Masters after undergoing back surgery earlier this week to treat a...  KOLKATA (TIP): In less than a week, Rohit Sharma has joined most of India's batting elite.  In Bangalore, he said hello to Sachin Tendulkar...  DHAKA (TIP): Suresh Raina 
 to victory against England by 133 runs in the second one-day international at Cardiff.  Raina scored 100 off 75 balls and Rohit Sharma and MS Dhoni also hit half-centuries as the tourists posted 304-6.  Ravindra Jadeja then claimed four wickets as 
 must be delighted considering a part-time spinner Dean Elgar has chipped in with crucial ...  Mohali : Top order batsman Rohit Sharma , medium pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar and all-rounder Stuart Binny were on Thursday released from the Indian cricket team, 
 industry collaboration in the delivery of the programmes is expected to raise the bar in the higher education sector.  Rohit Sharma , Chief Operating Officer, INTI; Jeffrey Goh, Chief Executive, IICKL; Datuk Mary Yap, Deputy Minister 1, Ministry of 
 Super Kings being congratulated by teammate Subramaniam Badrinath for getting the wicket of Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma in the final of the Indian Premier League at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 26, 2013.  Photo by Saikat 
 at the crease at that stage.  The wickets to fall were those of openers Dwayne Smith (4) and Aditya Tare (0) and skipper Rohit Sharma (2).  While Smith was trapped leg before wicket by Mohit Sharma, Tare was bowled by Albie Morkel.  Sharma was caught and 
 adapted perfectly to the slower pace of the wicket in a measured 88-ball innings.  Although Zimbabwe dismissed opener Rohit Sharma cheaply for the third time in the series, Shikhar Dhawan struck 35 from 32 balls to provide India with a solid base.  After 
 for a third spell and the rewards were almost immediate.  With his ninth ball Ashwin had Mathews (64) with some help from Rohit Sharma at short leg, who took a stunning catch on the second attempt, falling backwards; six balls later Dhammika Prasad was 
 bones put there by a Creator with nothing better to do than upset archaeologists and give them silly ideas.    Adelaide: Rohit Sharma scored 150 off 122 balls to help India first post mammoth 364-run total and eventually record a formidable 153-run win 
 Cup, here at Adelaide Oval on Tuesday, arysports.tv reported.  India batted first and put on board 364-5 – thanks to Rohit Sharma for his massive knock.  He smashed seven sixes and 12 boundaries in his big knock.  Suresh Raina scored 75 while Ajinkya 
 from Jammu & Kashmir to be called up for a place in the Indian side.  Others chosen for the tour include Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Dinesh Karthik, Suresh Raina, Ambati Rayudu and Ravindra Jadeja.  JSW Sports has appointed former Manchester United 
 crucial.  So I think the first 10 overs are very crucial either way, he said.  Dhoni backed his openers Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma to continue their good firm against the English pace attack led by James Anderson.  England are a very good bowling unit 
 seems he is in a hurry to make up for the lost time.  While Dhawan has been India's go-to-man, he has got able support from Rohit Sharma , who has flourished in his role as a make-shift opener.  The rest of the Indian batsmen, barring Dinesh Karthik, have 
 against the Indian bowlers, Indian batsmen treated the Sri Lankan bowlers with contempt.  The openers Dhawan and Rohit Sharma (33) went on scoring runs in a clincal fashion and set up the win with their 77-run stand.  They were not aggressive but 
 have been the best fielding side and were excellent with the bat and slow bowling as well.  The openers Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma are the men in form and their success has been the key to India's three-match winning streak.  A lot depends on the duo 
 , Ben Hilfenhaus (2/39) picked up two wickets for the Chennai outfit.  Mumbai's innings mainly revolved around captain Rohit Sharma and Corey Anderson.  While Rohit made 50 off 41 balls with the help of three fours and two sixes, big-hitting Anderson 
 suggest there are runs to be had today in Sydney.  Getty Images: Robert Cianflone  The Indian opener is in fine form, and Rohit Sharma says his team is confident of a win regardless of the conditions at the SCG.  We are still waiting to see how this pitch is 
 Maxwell has hit 77 from the 58 balls Ravi Ashwin has bowled to him in ODIs, having only been dismissed by the spinner once.  Rohit Sharma has hit 124 from the 108 balls James Faulkner has bowled to him in ODIs, and has never been dismissed by him.  Glenn Maxwell 
 last year, Adidas is looking at aggressively at pushing the equity by roping in young cricketers Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina.  While Adidas may be try to be back with a new brand ambassadors for cricket, it's football where the 
 a last-wicket stand of 20 with Ishant Sharma as India reached its winning target at 203-9 with two balls to spare.  Opener Rohit Sharma anchored the run chase with 58 off 89 deliveries while Suresh Raina (32) and Dinesh Karthik (23) scored crucial middle 
 .  Left-hander Dhawan (16) got a big nick while Kohli (2) feathered a drive to leave India on 27-2 in the 11th over.  Rohit Sharma and Karthik rebuilt in a 50-run third wicket stand.  Karthik edged a cut hard to slip but India consolidated with Rohit 
 you want to watch a batsman who can look elegant even when he hits powerful towering sixes, then you should watch more of Rohit Sharma , the current captain of the Mumbai Indians and in the past 6 seasons he has hit a total of 110 sixes, which makes him the 
 of 101, Mumbai Indians struggled along for the most part but finally achieved the target with 11 balls to spare after Rohit Sharma top scored with 42.  The win took Mumbai Indians to the third spot in the points table with 10 points from nine matches 
 of nailed it.  He made a score of 148 runs which is till yet the highest score made in the Asia Cup.  Along with Tendulkar and Rohit Sharma at a partnership of 133 and 172 respectively, Virat Kohli made India win the match.  Two of the run chases by India came in 
 came through that cut.  Ishant Sharma, at third man, made an equal contribution by letting the ball through.  By then, Rohit Sharma had missed a half chance when he failed to hit the only stump visible from point.  Tharanga was only 2 then.  The first five 
 via e-mail at GeorgeMartinII@ajourneyfor911.org .  The Barnyard and Carriage House 754 Totowa Road Totowa, NJ  Opener Rohit Sharma top-scored with 137 off 126 balls and Suresh Raina hit a rapid-fire 65 from 57 balls as India posted a daunting total of 
 win in their last match.  Ricky Ponting led Mumbai is a really potential team but it lacks that appealing play.  Apart from Rohit Sharma and Dinesh Karthik there is no other name in the team that can be counted for a scoring performance.  Master blaster 
 Includes Bow Strap, Storage Sack and Trailering St...  Consider 5 key aspects while buying a family floater plan  Mr. Rohit Sharma is a 35 years old well-settled healthy person.  He works in a reputable bank and his wife Priya is 30 years old and also a 
 at 9am in INDIA.  Dhoni enters 100 winning matches as a captain.  Dhoni Says India Can ...  India vs Bangladesh: Bating: Rohit Sharma 137,Raina 65.  Bowling: Umesh Yadav 4/31.  India won the match by 109 runs and Qualified for the Quarter final with South 
 overs turned the tide in Bangalore's favour after which Zaheer Khan, the pacer, removed another danger man J Franklin.  Rohit Sharma and K Pollard also fell cheaply.  Mumbai's predicament was so serious that they required to score 56 runs off the last 
 , Mumbai were in more trouble.  At 80-3, 105 runs behind, they lost two valuable wickets.  Vettori struck , first having Rohit Sharma caught by Luke Pomersbach at extra cover and two balls latter trapping the new batsman A Raydu (0) leg before wicket.  
 forty – Yuvraj does not qualify as a threat within the IPL.  Of course, he balmy a lot of lower down the order than Raina or Rohit Sharma however a career strike rate of 129.88 from India's one in all the toughest hitters leaves a lot of to be desired.  So, 
 Pradesh chief secretary and Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) study forum member Trilok Dewan (Darjeeling), GJM leaders Rohit Sharma (Kurseong) and Harka Bahadur Chetry (Kalimpong).  Vulin on local elections in Kosmet  Serbian Minister in charge of 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLh-Ol_0NTc&index=2&list=PL2ISzilf2gVJgyKpe07xU6dAgQEbo4ddc  Rohit Sharma is a young member in the Indian cricket team, who has become one of the most reliable middle order players for the team, 
 for Bangladesh includes Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Skipper), Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Amit Mishra, Mohit Sharma, Varun 
 they have enough quality in their batting to be a factor in this World Cup, Kirsten said.  So you have Kohli coming good, Rohit Sharma has got great skill, great talent and you got a Raina there and you got a (MS) Dhoni there and I mean these are all good 
 last year, Adidas is looking at aggressively at pushing the equity by roping in young cricketers Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina.  While Adidas may be try to be back with a new brand ambassadors for cricket, it's football where the 
 .  SYDNEY: Explosive Australian opener David Warner on Monday defended a heated on-field exchange with Indian batsman Rohit Sharma in which he demanded the Indian cricketer speak English.  MUMBAI: India's selectors on Tuesday chose three 
 England's batsmen risks damaging the team's chances at next year's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.  BANGALORE: Rohit Sharma smashed his way into the record books with a stunning 209 as the Indian cricket team won the match with a 57-run victory in 
 one of the perks of living there instead of Delhi is that he would hardly ever get mobbed by fans if he goes out on his own.  2.  Rohit Sharma is Known to Enjoy Drinking and Not Often in a Good Way  Indian batting star Rohit Sharma does not come across as someone who 
 by fans if he goes out on his own.  2.  Rohit Sharma is Known to Enjoy Drinking and Not Often in a Good Way  Indian batting star Rohit Sharma does not come across as someone who would get into alcohol fuelled brawls but the man you seen on screen is quite 
 stand off just from 67 balls.  In reply, CSK could reach 161 for eight in their allotted 20 overs to go down by 41 runs.   Rohit Sharma and Lendl Simmons were in great form and they just quickly grabbed the momentum.  We could not stop them.  The game they 
 the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation 600 E.  Main St., 24 th Floor  Richmond, VA 23219  804-692-0403  Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny were not picked for the first India versus South Africa Test under way in Mohali.  
 from the Indian cricket world to make headlines and for the same reason in fact.  The 'man in blue' we are talking about is Rohit Sharma , who is going to wield his bat elsewhere (we mean on the wedding fields!).  Indian Premier League's (IPL) team, Mumbai 
 wield his bat elsewhere (we mean on the wedding fields!).  Indian Premier League's (IPL) team, Mumbai Indian's captain Rohit Sharma got engaged to Ritika Sajdeh, who is also his best friend and was his sports manager in the past on June 3, 2015.  And now, it 
 but Raina is certainly going through a lean patch which has increased the pressure on the other batsmen.  While Rohit Sharma is in the form of his life in the shorter versions with more success than failures in recent times, the same can't be said 
 comfortable up the order.  With 173 runs in three matches, Dhoni is now second in the list among Indian run-scorers after Rohit Sharma (218 runs) but some of the times, his batting has been a bit different from the usual.  While Indore saw what Dhoni is 
 on 60.  Glenn...  In match 27 of Pepsi IPL 2014 MI beat the RCB by 19 runs in a closely contested game at the Wankhede Stadium.  Rohit Sharma turned on his charm to make true the belief that home turfs do create a magic, rubbing the players the right way.  MI 
 .  With the help of family tree maker online , we discovered some famous people in India with this surname.  Examples are Rohit Sharma , the famous cricketer, Rajat Sharma, the well-known journalist and Robin Sharma, the renowned book writer.  Murphy is 
 .  He holds a 11 point advantage over Shikar Dhawan.  Other cricketers who experienced gains include Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma .  Captain Virat Kohli is second after scoring 3 sets of 100 runs in 5 matches.  Hashim Alma dropped to fifth place.  For 
 teammates from the Indian cricket team.  Joining the newlywed spinner on his wedding reception was Mumbai batsman Rohit Sharma who came along with his fiancée Ritika Sajdeh.  The star cricketer shared  Filmmaker Karan Johar calls the experience of 
 lost four finals of 2008, 2012, 2013, 2015 in six appearances and had won in 2011 and 2012 IPL seasons.  Man of the Match: Rohit Sharma .  Player of the Tournament: Andre Russell (KKR).  Emerging Player of the Season: Shreyas Iyer (Delhi Daredevils).  
 is going to be in ending part but now i have a good knowledge of SEO and today i am not worried about my future  Hi, I am Rohit Sharma , wanted to learn SEO Course Laxmi Nagar training in the matter and looked at Google were to add to my Mr. They met 
 NNRTI Inhibitor: Efavirnez and its analogues.  Online Journal of Bioinformatics , 8 (1), 99-114.  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , T.  Chakravarty, Sunil Vidya Bhooshan , A.  B.  Bhattacharyya (2007).  Minimization of Overshoots and Ringing in MCM 
 Gurkeerat Singh Mann a Test debut after calling him up to the squad.  India had last week released the trio of batsman Rohit Sharma , paceman Bhuvneshwar Kumar and all-rounder Stuart Binny, paving the way for Punjab cricketer Mann – who counts an 
 : ___________________________ Signature of Board Officer Date Print Name:___________________________  Mumbai : Rohit Sharma (111 not out) scored his second successive ton as India were bowled out for 495 in their first innings taking a 313-run 
 as true winners as a result of impressive team efforts.  Sri Lankan skipper won the toss and elected to field first.  Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane (3 runs) started Indian innings but failed to sail smoothly against destructive bowling attack by 
 period from the visitors.  Momentum was firmly with the Kings when Sandeep Sharma (1-14) removed Mumbai skipper Rohit Sharma for a second-ball duck, while Anureet Singh (2-41) and Mitchell Johnson (2-23) tore through the middle order to leave 
 ; low-income elderly; long-term supports and services; fee-for-service; institutional care  Hello, Myself Rohit Sharma .  I am from Narwana, Haryana.  I am the regular participant in MMM Community.  I provide help in this system with 1,000 INR 
 lead at the PCA stadium in Mohali , where the batsmen are again expected to call the shots on a friendly track.  Thanks to Rohit Sharma 's career best 141 ...  The series is just two matches old, but the cricket fans have already been entertained with 1257 
 of over 40.  India's batsmen will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma in contention lost Shikhar Dhawan without a run on board but Murali Vijay (40 batting) and Cheteshwar Pujara (31) 
 Pujara (31) steadied will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma fighting 2013-14.  Teams(from): India: Virat Kohli (capt), Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, 
 India to around 260-270 which would have made it a really tight contest.  But I think Bangladesh players took the Rohit Sharma decision to heart and stopped focussing on the game from there onwards.  Their sense of hurt is understandable, but I 
 there onwards.  Their sense of hurt is understandable, but I simply think India were too strong in any event and that the Rohit Sharma decision did not have as big an impact on the game as the Bangladeshis liked to believe.  Simply outplayed in the end by a 
 enough for everyone's greed.  So please, let's keep in mind that we should not tolerate our greed and wastage.  My name is Rohit Sharma and I am 14 years old.  I study in Class IX at Dr Kamveer Public School in Faridabad, Haryana.  I am the only student in my 
 who got to double figures.  While Pakistan fielded an unchanged side, India brought in all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja for Rohit Sharma .  Pakistan won the first ODI at Chennai in the three-match series by six wickets.  Post by SEBASTIAN E.  G.  BRANDT on Feb 1, 
 that India are not going to repeat the same old story at any cost.  Having players like Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Ravichandran Ashwin, Karn Sharma, Ravindra Jadeja, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Ishant Sharma, Umesh Yadav 
 the title you want to ponder and learn from:  De Villiers sparkles as South Africa edge India  KANPUR: AB de Villiers and Rohit Sharma enhanced personal reputations with scintillating centuries but it was the timely interventions of South African 
 was, in fact, the captain of the side in the first few matches before he stepped down from his position due to bad form and Rohit Sharma took over.  The appointment of Ponting is a bit surprising because Mumbai already had plenty of great cricketers in the 
 management to reshuffle the batting order.  As a result of that, in the last three games, Corey Anderson has batted at 3, Rohit Sharma has opened, while, Kieron Pollard has come in at 5.  However, despite this reshuffling, the defending champions have 
 Kapoor, Sonu Nigam, Ayushmann Khurrana, Shaan etc, some sports personalities like Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Saina Nehwal are also available on Public Chat to which users can follow on Public Chats.  Anubhav 
 , Mohammad Shahid.  India: Virat Kohli (capt), Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , Wriddhiman Saha, Ravichandran Ashwin, Harbhajan Singh, Karn Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Umesh Yadav, Varun Aaron, 
 view of the fact that he is batting at 72 runs.  Kohli, on the other hand, has pocketed 19 runs up till now.  Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , wicketkeeper-batsman Dhoni, Ravichandran Ashwin, Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron are yet to bat.  Some changes have been 
 runs in a mere 59 games while it took Raina and Rohit a total 99 and 97 games respectively to reach those numbers.  Although Rohit Sharma has had a tough time in international cricket over the past few seasons, he has been a champion batsman in the IPL 
 the score was just 1 on the board.  Just when the supporters of Chennai Super Kings were running high in emotions came in Rohit Sharma .  He showed his true colors and tore apart their bowling attack with his pinch-hitting.  He scored his 50 runs in just 26 
 10 boundaries.  Rahane put on 140 for the second wicket with Vijay (82) and 85 for the fourth with his Mumbai team-mate Rohit Sharma (34).  Rahane said India must be patient on the final day to claim the remaining eight wickets.  I think the match is 
 in his 49.  India's innings was built around an unbeaten 127-run stand between Dhoni (79 not out) and Jadeja (62 not out).  Rohit Sharma (79) and Ambati Rayudu (37) were the only other India batsmen to reach double figures.  The experiment of promoting 
 earth view experiences today.  Indian cricketer and Indian Premier League (IPL) team Mumbai Indians' skipper Rohit Sharma got engaged to his friend cum sports events...  Chennai Super Kings : The Chennai Super Kings is abbreviated as CSK it is a 
 child's school.  Mr Amit Sevak (3rd from left) officiates at the Admin & Academic Services area with Dr Alan Lim and Mr Rohit Sharma  Faculty office gets a new look  The newly launched Admin and Academic Services area  Mr Rohit Sharma at the opening of 
 with Dr Alan Lim and Mr Rohit Sharma  Faculty office gets a new look  The newly launched Admin and Academic Services area  Mr Rohit Sharma at the opening of Faculty Office  And imagine a 72-turbine wind farm just 61⁄2 miles offshore, about the same distance of 
 in at number 10.  India were set a daunting target of 360 by the Australians and got off to a brilliant start with openers Rohit Sharma (141*) and Shikhar Dhawan (95) putting on a great opening partnership; but the team needed someone to push on and drive 
 two other.  Twenty six-year-old Saha, who hails from Bengal, made his Test debut against South Africa in Nagpur after Rohit Sharma got injured in the morning of the match and has now got an opportunity to be in the reckoning for the Twenty20 World Cup.  
 day, India piled up a mammoth 495 all out in reply to the Windies' 182.  The Caribbean side was punished by centuries from Rohit Sharma and Chetesh-war Pujara, while Sachin Tendulkar slammed 74, in what is likely to be his last innings in international 
 tournament's leading run-scorer, made a breezy 31 but India were never able to dominate a disciplined England attack.  Rohit Sharma was bowled by Stuart Broad for nine and Dhawan mis-timed a drive in Bopara's first over and was caught by Tredwell at 
 semi-finals before recovering from injury to clinch the ...  India vs South Africa 2015, 1st ODI at Kanpur highlights: Rohit Sharma and AB de Villiers light it up, India bowl poorly at the death ... – South Africa beat India by five runs in a thriller at 
 Under-19s  Bowling style Right-arm offbreak  An onlooker's enjoyment when in full stream, dissimilar to most others, Rohit Sharma is honored with the capacity to frequently time his shots a second or two late and still execute them to flawlessness.  
 batting average of 35.05.  It includes 15 centuries including the second-highest individual ODI score of 219 after Rohit Sharma .  Test Career: He had played 104 test matches and scored 8,586 runs with batting average of 49.34.  His score stands at 
 team.  Without being pompous and touching the wood firmly, I dare mention that we dominated most of our first game.  Rohit Sharma was brilliant for Mumbai.  He moved like a Rolls Royce, maneuvering the gaps on a busy road effortlessly.  A writer once 
 has recommended Wimbledon 2015 doubles champion Sania Mirza for the coveted Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award and Rohit Sharma and sixteen others for Arjuna awards.  14.  China devalues its currency the Yuan by 2% to nearly three year low.  WPIAL 
 Zimbabwe in a Pool B clash.  It was also only the fifth double century in all ODI cricket and the first by a non-Indian, with Rohit Sharma (two), Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag the only other batsmen to achieve the feat.  >>>> The Modi government said 
 Delhi Daredevils vs Mumbai Indians Live Score , Live Streaming and Match Updates . Also we can see the Match 21 Timings . Rohit Sharma and JP Duminy will lead the DD and MI teams.  At Feroz Shah Kotla till now both teams played 6 times but Delhi Daredevils won 
 Team Squads of both teams.  Mumbai Indians played total 5 matches but won only one match.  This teams mailny depends on Rohit Sharma , Kieron Pollard, Lasith Malinga and Harbhajan Singh.  Coming to Delhi Daredevils team this team also played 5 matches 
 matches but lose all the four matches.  But Harbhajan Singh and Kieron Pollard played brilliantly with their batting.  Rohit Sharma will lead the MI Team for Match 16 of 2015 IPL .  Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) announced their Team Squad for IPL 2015 Season 
 in his element in the opening match against Zimbabwe.  He came in as first change, and gave away 64 runs in 9 overs.  While Rohit Sharma would quickly like to get over the disappointment of not scoring against Pakistan, the Kohli-Steyn battle can be as 
 for Alastair Cook and his men in England's semi, with outgoing coach Gary Kirsten accusing them of 'choking'.  Rohit Sharma , Skikhar Dhawan and MS Dhoni are sure to be tougher nuts to crack for the excellent James Anderson than the Africans were 
 seventh place (up by one).  The other batsmen to move upwards outside the top 20 are Hashim Amla in 22nd place (up by two), Rohit Sharma in 26th (up by one), Dwayne Bravo in 29th (up by two), Angelo Mathews in 41st (up by six), Dwayne Smith in 47th (up by one), 
 against the West Indies in a quarter final match of the world cup and was the second best in an ODI innings - second only to Rohit Sharma's 264.  He thus became just the second player to hit a World Cup double ton after Chris Gayle scored 215 vs Zimbabwe earlier 
 in the tournament.  The right-hander became the fifth player to score 200 in this format (It was the sixth occasion as Rohit Sharma had achieved the feat twice).  * Guptill surpassed his own best of 189* which was the best by a Kiwi before Saturday's 
 in World Cups.  He eventually crossed Virender Sehwag (219) to have the second highest individual score in ODIs, after Rohit Sharma (264).  He is now the only cricketer to have scored more than 150 in a World Cup knockout match.  He is also the only Kiwi to 
 seat given the shaky start his team has endured and a fresh round of rumblings in circulation ...  Ranji Trophy round-up: Rohit Sharma , Shreyas Iyer slam centuries for Mumbai ... Firstpost While Iyer hit five sixes and 14 fours in his 110-knock that 
 , Nadine Tabing, Yu Xin  FEEDINGS & POOPS Tracking the inputs and outputs of small humans Trevor Johnson, Tristan Plank, Rohit Sharma  COFFEE TIME Your coffee always wakes up before you Mark Ribera  THRIVE Encouraging Christians to grow their 
 .  He holds a 11 point advantage over Shikar Dhawan.  Other cricketers who experienced gains include Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma .  Captain Virat Kohli is second after scoring 3 sets of 100 runs in 5 matches.  Hashim Alma dropped to fifth place.  For 
 , scary bowling attack to pin the opposition down.  But he worked with what he had and was a master at grooming talent.  Rohit Sharma's inclusion in the squad for the 2015 World Cup is, in no small measure, thanks to the fact that Dhoni promoted him to the 
 Champions League ties this season - so why are they struggling?  We asked our experts for their verdicts - and solutions  Rohit Sharma says the Indian team is not reading too much into South Africa's surprise loss in the warm-up game and feels it will be a 
 the United States Attorney General–  (1) to appoint a Special Counsel to–  Last November (2014) Indian opening batsman Rohit Sharma stunned the world when he went out to bat against Sri Lanka in a One Day International (ODI) match at Eden Garden, Kolkata 
 to victory against England by 133 runs in the second one-day international at Cardiff.  Raina scored 100 off 75 balls and Rohit Sharma and MS Dhoni also hit half-centuries as the tourists posted 304-6.  Ravindra Jadeja then claimed four wickets as 
 , went down to Harbhajan for a duck to Harbhajan caught by Sachin Tendulkar.  That spelt disaster for the DC.  Thereafter Rohit Sharma scored 45 runs with two sixes and three fours.  The other contributors for Deccan Chargers were Monish Sharma 13, 
 or for that matter any country in Test Cricket. – Lakshman Sundar, Vashi  When we talk highly about Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma , we forget about a name which is working hard for glory and achieved it in overseas conditions and now turning the tables 
 to be certified as Google Adwords experts, following a unique collaboration between INTI and Google Malaysia.  Rohit Sharma , CEO of INTI International University & Colleges (right) together with Sajith Sivanandan, Managing Director of 
 but also allow them to stand out from the crowd as they will be among the first with this valuable certification, said Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer of INTI International University & Colleges.  In recent years there has been a massive 
 or even Old School RuneScape, you can participate by searching for an in-game character called Conservationist Rohit Sharma .  It's great timing for the event: International Tiger Day has been celebrated yesterday, and with the sad passing of 
 Los Angeles, Should all severely injured children be transferred to Level I trauma centers?  An NTDB study  3rd place - Rohit Sharma , Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, The impact of race on the management of severe acute traumatic brain injury: an NTDB 
 affordability packages that we are unveiling today will help them navigate through this challenging period, said Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer of INTI.  Creation of new programmes To address the needs of students who have seen their 
 .  ee or four batsmen (at the most).  Kohli and Pujara are certainties.  So is Sachin if he plays.  One would also think that Rohit Sharma has done enough in Ranji in the past to deserve a place in the test side.  If Sehwag comes in, it can only be in the place of 
 (39) and Cheteshwar Pujara (31) put on 44 for the second wicket.  From a comfortable 97-2, India slipped to 108-5 before Rohit Sharma and Wriddhiman Saha saw out time till tea without adding another run.  As the ball turned and kept low, Ashwin removed 
 to 47 overs for every side, beside India were not prepared to last even that.  India got off to a loathsome begin, with Rohit Sharma edging Mustafizur to canyon off the second stack of the match.  Virat Kohli came in at No. 3 once more, and for a brief time 
 straight to point as India were diminished to 110 for 4.  Mustafizur hit with the second pile of the redirection, having Rohit Sharma take off from the body to point for a duck, before returning to release Suresh Raina, MS Dhoni and Axar Patel in a 
 amid home crowd but it was the day of defending champions Mumbai Indians who beat the opponent by 7 wickets.  MI skipper Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl first against Kings XI Punjab, who have outperformed in the new season of Indian Premier 
 its  TEMPERS flared in the one-day international at the MCG with Australian star David Warner confronting India's Rohit Sharma about a cheeky overthrow and seeming to demand that he speak English''.  With the International Cricket Council 
 with this screamer on day five of the fourth Test with India  STEVE Smith may have taken the catch of the series to get rid of Rohit Sharma , but Australia's fielding wasn't so hot during the series.  In the Sydney Test alone Smith dropped two, while Shaun 
 , which ended up costing them around 640 runs.  Australian captain Steve Smith took a brilliant catch to dismiss India's Rohit Sharma .  Picture: Brett Costello Source: News Corp Australia  JOSH Hazlewood bowled superbly on the final day and conceded 
 to go, stumped by Uthappa off spinner Kartik.  Dinda struck twice in the second over to get rid of Ambati Rayudu (1) and Rohit Sharma (1).  Karthik and Franklin led the fight-back with their 49-run stand but soon ran out of steam..  The pitch was dry, 
 a bribe of Rs 45,000 in Neemrana tehsil at Alwar for facilitating a land registry.  The accused were identified as Rohit Sharma and touts, Papu and Arvind, a spokesperson said.  In his complaint, one Rajesh Kumar told the ACB...  Jaipur, Aug 12 (PTI) 
 Taylor pitched in with 13.  In the Mumbai innings, Andrew Symonds topscored with 17, with Davy Jacobs contributing 15, Rohit Sharma 13, Ambati Rayudu 11 and Harbhajan Singh remaining unbeaten on 10.  For Rajasthan Royals, apart from Botha's 3 for 6, 
 two deliveries to spare.  India's innings after being sent in to bat revolved around a superb 106 off 66 balls by opener Rohit Sharma , ably supported by Virat Kohli's 27-ball 43.  But the Proteas, helped by the Indian bowlers' inability to grip the ball 
 wicket between Hashim Amla (17) and Quinton de Kock (34).  De Kock was the aggressor of the two but was lucky as a diving Rohit Sharma spilled a tough chance off Umesh Yadav in the fourth over.  With both his frontline pacer proving ineffective, Dhoni 
 amid home crowd but it was the day of defending champions Mumbai Indians who beat the opponent by 7 wickets.  MI skipper Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl first against Kings XI Punjab, who have outperformed in the new season of Indian Premier 
 as the respective venues.  The squads are as follows.  India ODI squad: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (captain, wicketkeeper), Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Axar Patel, Harbhajan Singh, Amit Mishra, Mohit Sharma, 
 squad (first two Tests): Virat Kohli (captain), Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , Wriddhiman Saha (wicketkeeper), Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Amit Mishra, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Umesh 
 against the West Indies at Indore, slamming 219 runs off only 149 balls.  This is the third highest score in ODIs, after Rohit Sharma (264) and Martin Guptil (237 not out).  I miss my father today, he was there when the journey started, and I wish he was 
 up two places to sixth and holds an 11-point advantage over his team-mate Shikhar Dhawan.  There were also gains for Rohit Sharma (up three places to 12th) and career-high gains for Ajinkya Rahane (up 11 to 27th) and Farhaan Behardien (up 12 to 76th).  
 will be MS Dhoni, Suresh Raina and Albie Morkel while Mumbai Indians will rely on Sachin Tendulkar, Lasith Malinga and Rohit Sharma .  This match could very well go down to the last over and even a score of 140 should be competitive.  Tune in Monday, October 
 15 fast bowlers and 15 spinners and have specialist coaches for them, he added.  Opener Lendl Simmons hit 68 and skipper Rohit Sharma made 50 as Mumbai Indians scored an emphatic 41-run win over Chennai Super Kings in the final to win the 2015 edition of 
 by Faf du Plessis at mid-on.  But Chennai had little to celebrate for a long time after that as Lendl Simmons and skipper Rohit Sharma added 119 for the scond wicket.  Sharma began with a bang, hitting Mohit Sharma for a six over third man and then a four 
 a superb unbeaten 61 by Hardik Pandya -- his first IPL half-century -- and a patient 33 not out by Kieron Pollard.  Skipper Rohit Sharma made 30 and opener Parthiv Patel contributed 21 to the MI tally.  Chasing 172 for a win, KKR ended up a little short at 166 
 followed some way behind by Lasith Malinga (2.01), Kieron Pollard (1.97; with 3.05 in batting and – 1.09 in bowling) and Rohit Sharma (1.74).  One would expect all of those three to be retained.  Dinesh Karthik at 1.31 might also be retained, for they will 
 (BCCI), headed by Sandeep Patil, here today.  The squad, led by Mahendra Singh Dhoni, also includes Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja and Ishant Sharma.  The others in the side include Ravichandran Ashwin, 
 : MS Dhoni (capt & wk), Sachin Tendulkar, Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Rahul Dravid, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Parthiv Patel (wk), Amit Mishra, R Ashwin, Zaheer Khan, Ishant Sharma, Praveen Kumar, Munaf Patel, Vinay Kumar  Who is 
 back Yadav (4-72) and the eerily quiet SCG erupted as Smith attempted to hook a short ball and saw a top-edge fly to Rohit Sharma .  Chamber Music New Zealands Kaleidoscopes tour to 14 centres with a concert in Wellington in September.  Is not 
 converged at MSU to discuss the spirit, potential, and application of inclusive educational practices.  Positive...  Rohit Sharma , CEO INTI International University & Colleges welcomes participants to the Academic Conference.  In just over a year 
 approaches is fuelled by our belief that education must change to provide greater opportunities for learning, said Rohit Sharma , CEO of INTI, during his welcome speech at the event that gathered over 600 of INTI's academic staff from across the 
 .  There will be pressure from the home fans and the fear of the unknown, but this New Zealand side can tide everything.  Rohit Sharma is considered one of the most promising talents to have come out of India.  However, he instantly ends up being mocked on 
 the face of the bat early.  The ball took a leading edge of the bat and the fielder at short cover took a brilliant catch.  Rohit Sharma's bad form continued as he was trapped in front of the wicket by Nuwan Pradeep.  But, Virat Kohli kept playing some 
 been violated by the government as it has taken the decision unilaterally.  The Parliament session has not begun yet.  Rohit Sharma supported the captain well scoring 37.3 overs courtesy Irfan Pathan's five wicket haul.  I was sweating like a beast 
 .  However, India's offense has traditionally scored the extra runs to win the games.  The Indian opening batsman, Rohit Sharma , is very talented, but India's biggest hope and star talent is Virat Kohli.  Kohli has been lauded as one of the most 
 use him as a great help when it comes to the wicket.  He was needed in the Ireland game.  On the other hand, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma are part times; who are used only when conducive.  I don't see them as bowlers.   said Dhoni.  In Yuvi's career, he started 
 of the Year.  Hashim Amla was given the award for International Batsman of the Year.  In addition to the above, India's Rohit Sharma was given the CEAT Special Award for his record-breaking double ton of 264 against Sri Lanka while West-Indian 
 Raina, India cruised to pocket victory in lately held ODIs and take the lead by 3-0.  Now, it would be exciting to see how Rohit Sharma , Vinay Kumar, Kedar Jadhav, Dhawal Kulkarni, Karn Sharma, Ravichandran Ashwin and Stuart Binny perform to stick out 
 with the number 01148986800  I am also receiving such calls from Delhi.  Latest mobile no 9212362733 some from Advocate Rohit Sharma Office.  Looking at so many similar complaints its time to make harassment tactics of TIKONA public.  Eccentric candy 
 million dollar mark . They were Robin Uthappa and Yusuf Pathan, who went for a whopping $ 2.1 m and Indian one-day discard Rohit Sharma , who fetched $ 2 million.  Among 103 of the over 350 players who were put on the bidding block, 88 were picked up by the 10 
 fire with? . Q.  Asi Konsi Chij H Jo. . Any new novels in the maki.  Virat Kohli : Mere pass ladaki patane ke do-do idea hai.  Rohit Sharma : mere pas out hone ke dus-du.  Teri Ladaki Me Chodugi Na Tera Sath SongsPK Pagalworld youtube saavn funmaza mp3skull 
 total.  He was given an excellent platform courtesy of an opening partnership of 123 between Shikhar Dhawan (69) and Rohit Sharma (46) and was in no mood to waste such a promising foundation, blasting his way to the hundred in the final over of the 
 Opener – This has been India's problem for God-knows how many years!  India had taken only 2 openers – Sehwag and Gambhir . Rohit Sharma had batted in the middle order for Deccan in the IPL.  To his credit, his form itself was so brilliant that he looked 
 the T20 WC due to an injury sustained during the IPL – but then ne missed some matches in the IPL due to a former injury.  Rohit Sharma – who asked him to open.  It has been proved time and again that the openers' spot is a specialized one.  India, throughout 
 in ODIs and Veeru-Jaffer / Chopra and finally Gauti.  Yes Veeru himself was promoted to open, but all said and done, Rohit Sharma is no Veeru.  He did well in IPL because he was utilized very well by Gilli, whereas MSD failed.  Raina – In fact, one of the 
 government also named the winners of the Arjuna Award in 2015.  The list includes 17 people, including cricket sports Rohit Sharma and Jitu Rai shooter.  Abhishek Verma Archer gave India a perfect Independence Day gift by winning the gold medal in the 
 Ashwin when on 5, only for Oxenford to rule in favour of the batsman.  A few minutes later, on 10, he drove Mishra into Rohit Sharma's boot and the bowler caught the rebound, but third umpire Martinesz gave the benefit of doubt to the batsman.  In between, 
 , Mumbai Indians enter the tournament as one of the strong favourites.  The squad looks good in almost all departments.  Rohit Sharma , Michael Hussey and the talented Aditya Tare, form a solid top-order.  Purchasing Michael Hussey could prove to be coup 
 in 17 balls.  Most sixes in an innings: His innings included 16 sixes.  It equalled the previous record set by India's Rohit Sharma against Australia in Bangalore in 2013/14.  Second Highest innings totals: In this match, South Africa scored 439, 
 have known that even the most helpful conditions were not going to be enough to get it over the line.  Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma , who had put up stands of 127, 101 and 58, in the matches leading up to the semifinal, began well enough, respecting the 
 Indies.  After that there was a huge anticipation about this double ton.  Who will score the third double hundred?  Then Rohit Sharma scored 209 runs against Australia in 2013 and became the third batsmen in the history of world cricket to reach double 
 .  Some say that it was not that easy to touch the record set by sehwag against West Indies.  There were no expectations on Rohit Sharma on beginning of his innings at Eden gardens . He was returned to Indian side after two months of rest from international 
 with by facing 100 balls with a strike rate of 100.  From then onwards no one thought that he could make a world record of Rohit Sharma 264 . He then added extra momentum to his Rohit Sharma Eden garden innings and scored a blistering Rohit Sharma 264 vs sri 
  From then onwards no one thought that he could make a world record of Rohit Sharma 264 . He then added extra momentum to his Rohit Sharma Eden garden innings and scored a blistering Rohit Sharma 264 vs sri lanka at Eden garden.  On the eve of 150 th year of Eden 
 record of Rohit Sharma 264 . He then added extra momentum to his Rohit Sharma Eden garden innings and scored a blistering Rohit Sharma 264 vs sri lanka at Eden garden.  On the eve of 150 th year of Eden garden the whole nation has witnessed Rohit Sharma's 
 Rohit Sharma 264 vs sri lanka at Eden garden.  On the eve of 150 th year of Eden garden the whole nation has witnessed Rohit Sharma's world record.  After scoring 100 he then added the next 164 runs in just 74 balls.  He finished his fifty with a strike rate 
 he then added the next 164 runs in just 74 balls.  He finished his fifty with a strike rate of 69 and then finished his total Rohit Sharma Eden garden innings with a whooping strike rate of 164.  After completing his Rohit Sharma world record he became the 
 69 and then finished his total Rohit Sharma Eden garden innings with a whooping strike rate of 164.  After completing his Rohit Sharma world record he became the first batsmen in the world to score 250+ runs in one day internationals and holds this 
 list that scored double centuries in one day internationals.  All of them who broke this 200 run barrier are from India.  Rohit Sharma and virat kohli has made a 202 run stand partnership for the 3 rd wicket.  Where unfortunately virat was 
 tumbled by the pace attack of India where they score only 251 runs.  With this India registered a 152 run win.  This is how Rohit Sharma got to his 264 world record  Rohit Sharma flick shot, highlight of his innings  Rohit Sharma was not set and he was batting 
 they score only 251 runs.  With this India registered a 152 run win.  This is how Rohit Sharma got to his 264 world record  Rohit Sharma flick shot, highlight of his innings  Rohit Sharma was not set and he was batting exceptionally well and he also scored 
 a 152 run win.  This is how Rohit Sharma got to his 264 world record  Rohit Sharma flick shot, highlight of his innings  Rohit Sharma was not set and he was batting exceptionally well and he also scored his double ton by that time when kulasekara took the 
 time when kulasekara took the ball to deliver the 48 th over of the innings . He hit 9 sixes in his innings but this one from Rohit Sharma was so special where he walked across the off stump took a half volley from about a foot and half away from him and flicked 
 never defined in the book of physics.  This has been a shot which will stay in cricket forever.  You can watch this shot in Rohit Sharma 264 runs Highlights video.  Rohit Sharma created 5 records during his 264 knock  Highest score by a batsmen in one day 
 has been a shot which will stay in cricket forever.  You can watch this shot in Rohit Sharma 264 runs Highlights video.  Rohit Sharma created 5 records during his 264 knock  Highest score by a batsmen in one day internationals  Rohit Sharma 264 was the 
 video.  Rohit Sharma created 5 records during his 264 knock  Highest score by a batsmen in one day internationals  Rohit Sharma 264 was the highest score by any batsmen in world cricket.  He erased the record of virender sehwag's 219 against West 
 score by any batsmen in world cricket.  He erased the record of virender sehwag's 219 against West Indies in 2011.  Rohit Sharma has scored 209 runs against Australia and became the third batsmen to achieve these feet in 2013.  Rohit Sharma world 
 in 2011.  Rohit Sharma has scored 209 runs against Australia and became the third batsmen to achieve these feet in 2013.  Rohit Sharma world record in hitting most runs in boundaries  Rohit Sharma has hit 184 runs (33 fours and 9 sixes) only through 
 and became the third batsmen to achieve these feet in 2013.  Rohit Sharma world record in hitting most runs in boundaries  Rohit Sharma has hit 184 runs (33 fours and 9 sixes) only through boundaries which was now a world record.  In his innings of 264 runs 
 has hit 184 runs (33 fours and 9 sixes) only through boundaries which was now a world record.  In his innings of 264 runs Rohit Sharma has hit 33 boundaries and surpassed master blaster sachin tendulkar who hit 25 boundaries  Highest score by an Indian in 
 score by an Indian in List A cricket  Recently shikar dhawan has scored 248 runs against South Africa A in 2013.  Now Rohit Sharma has broken this record.  Rohit Sharma has faced 173 balls which was highest b any batsmen to face that many balls in 50 over 
  Recently shikar dhawan has scored 248 runs against South Africa A in 2013.  Now Rohit Sharma has broken this record.  Rohit Sharma has faced 173 balls which was highest b any batsmen to face that many balls in 50 over cricket.  Along with his Rohit Sharma 
  Rohit Sharma has faced 173 balls which was highest b any batsmen to face that many balls in 50 over cricket.  Along with his Rohit Sharma 264 records he also got huge praises about Rohit Sharma 264 record innings from the fellow cricketers and from the 
 batsmen to face that many balls in 50 over cricket.  Along with his Rohit Sharma 264 records he also got huge praises about Rohit Sharma 264 record innings from the fellow cricketers and from the international cricketers also.  Rohit Sharma did not left 
 praises about Rohit Sharma 264 record innings from the fellow cricketers and from the international cricketers also.  Rohit Sharma did not left the room for the critics to talk again about his batting.  Here are the few tweets on Rohit Sharma 264 record.  
 also.  Rohit Sharma did not left the room for the critics to talk again about his batting.  Here are the few tweets on Rohit Sharma 264 record.  Zaheer Khan : Well done brothaman @ImRo45 !!! Really enjoyed watching u bat ! Way to go buddy ....  Rohit 
 Sharma 264 record.  Zaheer Khan : Well done brothaman @ImRo45 !!! Really enjoyed watching u bat ! Way to go buddy ....  Rohit Sharma about his innings  I am coming back after a two-month break, so was not tired at any part of the innings,  I made my Ranji 
 can be chased under lights here.  It is really important to think while batting,  Exactly before two months due to injury Rohit Sharma could not even lift his bat.  But his return to the international cricket has changed the pace of game.  This knock will 
 changed the pace of game.  This knock will stay in the record books for ever.  On the eve on 150 th year at Eden gardens this Rohit Sharma 264 will be a gift to Eden gardens.  In case you missed this Rohit Sharma 264 feet then witness it in Rohit Sharma 264 video.  
 ever.  On the eve on 150 th year at Eden gardens this Rohit Sharma 264 will be a gift to Eden gardens.  In case you missed this Rohit Sharma 264 feet then witness it in Rohit Sharma 264 video.  Williams' dissertation, titled From Coercion to Consent?: 
 this Rohit Sharma 264 will be a gift to Eden gardens.  In case you missed this Rohit Sharma 264 feet then witness it in Rohit Sharma 264 video.  Williams' dissertation, titled From Coercion to Consent?: Governing the Formerly Incarcerated in the 
 of 174, Mumbai Indians, powered by a 126-run stand for the second wicket between top scorer Sachin Tendulkar (74) and Rohit Sharma (60), kept the home team in the hunt till the 16th over before a middle-order collapse made things tough for them.  In the 
 Pathan (2-29).  Sachin Tendulkar managed just seven before he holed out to Kevin Pietersen at mid-off off Morne Morkel.  Rohit Sharma (12) chased a wide delivery off Pathan and gave an easy catch to Ajit Agarkar at mid-off as Mumbai Indians were reduced to 
 42-ball knock before gifting his wicket while attempting a reverse pull off left arm-spinner Robin Peterson and found Rohit Sharma at point.  Pietersen and Ross Taylor (15) added 41 runs for the fourth wicket that helped Daredevils get to the second 
 52 for no loss to 59 for two in the 10th over.  Dinesh Karthik (3) and Kieron Pollard (3) departed in quick successions but Rohit Sharma kept Mumbai Indians' chase on track with a brilliant 50 of 30 balls, which was studded with three fours and three sixes.  
 for Mumbai Indians, they suffered a big blow as Tendulkar was run out in the ninth over while attempting a double.  Rohit Sharma (2) also fell in the next over but Franklin and Dinesh Karthik (35) added 72 valuable runs for the third wicket that took 
 was an eminently forgettable night for Mumbai Indians, who were without Sachin Tendulkar and Lasith Malinga.  Barring Rohit Sharma (29) and skipper Harbhajan Singh (33), none of their batsmen could get to double figures before being all out in 19.2 
 six overs against Haryana in the Ranji Trophy on the second day evening but did not take the field on the third day at all.  Rohit Sharma took over the Mumbai Indians during IPL 2013 and led them to the title that year.  He was once again at the helm when they won 
 after beating Chennai Super Kings in the fin...  Sachin Tendulkar had a long chat with the Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma at Eden Gardens.  The Indian legend was also seen conversing with Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Virat Kohli.  
 to get latest video updates  Video uploaded by : The Times of India  David Warner fined over row with Rohit Sharma Australian opener David Warner has been fined by the International Cricket Council (ICC) after an on-field dispute 
 David Warner has been fined by the International Cricket Council (ICC) after an on-field dispute with Indian batsman Rohit Sharma during Sunday's one-day international in Melbourne.  Warner told reporters on Monday he had been fined half his match 
 series', the same cannot be said for current holders India.  Beaten once by Australia (despite yet another century from Rohit Sharma ) and twice by England in the recent Tri-Series, India's preparation for the defence of their title has been far from 
 Pediatrics; Comparison of High-Dose Magnesium Infusion Regimens in the Treatment of Status Asthmaticus  5 th Place: Rohit Sharma , MD, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine; False Positive Drug Screens in Outpatient Pain Management 
 company franchises its Zapak Digital Entertainment Ltd. (ZDEL), a largest gaming company of India.  According to Rohit Sharma , CEO, Zapak Digital Entertainment Ltd, Initially, we invested in our own flagship stores across the country.  Having 
 .  Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Mortaza refused to be drawn into criticising the controversial no-ball midway through Rohit Sharma's century.  After Rohit Sharma's 137 helped India to a 109-run victory against Bangladesh at the Cricket World Cup, 
 Mortaza refused to be drawn into criticising the controversial no-ball midway through Rohit Sharma's century.  After Rohit Sharma's 137 helped India to a 109-run victory against Bangladesh at the Cricket World Cup, Mashrafe Mortaza kept his counsel as 
 the decision.  Holders India are into the Cricket World Cup semi-finals after a 109-run victory over Bangladesh, with Rohit Sharma starring at the MCG.  Rohit Sharma's maiden Cricket World Cup century helped India into the semi-finals with a 
 into the Cricket World Cup semi-finals after a 109-run victory over Bangladesh, with Rohit Sharma starring at the MCG.  Rohit Sharma's maiden Cricket World Cup century helped India into the semi-finals with a convincing 109-run victory over Bangladesh 
 wicket with a day remaining in the Test match.  Earlier, India resumed the fourth day at 21/3, with overnight batsmen Rohit Sharma (50) and Kohli (21) getting the proceedings underway by facing the Sri Lankan bowlers smartly on a bright sunny morning 
 gaming portals is betting big on game related advertising, as it contributes a major part of its income.  Says Zapak COO Rohit Sharma , Game related advertising is definitely growing in India.  It did not exist till a year back.  Today, it contributes 35% 
 Papinder Singh, Amit Sanotra, Pushpinder Singh, Arun Manhas, ,Deva Langeh, Arjun Manhas, Sahil Langeh, Ishu Rajput, Rohit Sharma , Nikhil Sharma, Makhan Bhagat, Prince Sharma, Atul Sharma, Navjoot Singh, Sahil Manhas, Abhinandan Bhau, Nikhil 
 , Prince Sharma, Atul Sharma, Navjoot Singh, Sahil Manhas, Abhinandan Bhau, Nikhil Singh, Sam Manhas, Prince Sharma, Rohit Sharma , Ajay Sharma and Others.  Redwood Community Services, Inc. is an organized provider for multiple counties offering 
 has the most exciting young batting line-up in the world today.  Virat Kohli, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane, led by their ...  Poetry Of Meditation On The Sacred An English Translation ... Guwahati Poetry Of 
 : An Inquiry into the Politics of Development.  erth: The Indian team management has decided not to risk injured opener Rohit Sharma for India's do-or-die cricket tri-series game against England on January 30 and also for the finals in case India 
 India -438 for four.  It was also the largest total posted in India.  As expected, India succumbed under pressure.  Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli were dismissed early playing rash shots.  Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane put on a century stand for 
 the title.  The players of calibre like Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Shikar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma only increases its chances of victory.  Still, the winner might not be India, but its arch-rival Pakistan.  In spite of 
 was the turning point of the game.  Lendl Simmons was the top scorer with 67.  Michael Hussey (39), Corey Anderson (20) and Rohit Sharma (20) were the top scorers.  Mohit Sharma took three wickets to become the leading wicket taker of IPL 7 at 21.  Ashish Nehra 
 ) was the most expensive of Indian bowlers.  The improbable record chase saw the home side stuttering early as they lost Rohit Sharma (16) and Virat Kohli (7).  Playing his first game at Wankhede, Rohit miscued his shot to Imran Tahir at third man to give 
 appeared a tad fruitful for his team as India failed to put an impressive show with the bat at the beginning.  The opener Rohit Sharma was out at the score of 13 runs when Sachithra Senanayake trapped him in an excellent bowling spell.  However, soon after 
 left the tail with 19 runs to score with two wickets remaining before Roach and Best brought the hosts home.  Earlier, Rohit Sharma 's 60 off 89 balls with four fours and a six helped India to 229-7 off 50 overs.  The West Indies bowlers were led by Roach and 
 Ravichandran Ashwin picked up two wickets while giving away 35 runs in his full quota of 10 overs.  Earlier, India lost Rohit Sharma (29) after a decent start but managed to maintain a healthy run rate on the slow Mirpur surface through a 75-run stand for 
 India innings, after Dhoni had chosen to bat to start with, the has' spirits would not have been too high.  They had lost Rohit Sharma , their most noteworthy run-scorer against South Africa over every one of the matches in this way, to a full, quick 
 IAPS in games; The monetisation sessions also included keynotes from successful Indian developers & publishers like Rohit Sharma and Nikhil Soman, Co-Founders & CEOs of Playblazeretc.  It detailed the latest trends in the mobile advertising sector 
 not have any substantial partnerships (in our run chase).  If only we could have built the partnership of Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma .  And we did not get off to a good start in the chase.  That was a crucial time after the Powerplay overs, he said.  We have 
 of great character from the middle and lower orders that were determined to build on a crucial half-century from Rohit Sharma , India exorcised the ghosts of the previous evening to bat Sri Lanka out of the game.  Overnight 21 for 3 when the fourth 
 Parthiv Patel (19) and Lendl Simmons (68 not out) putting on 29 in four overs before the former left.  Simmons and skipper Rohit Sharma (15) added 34 for the second wicket.  The innings acquired some stability when Simmons and Kieron Plollard (49) added 70 
 Pollard has portrayed his play in the last match against Chennai Super Kings with the game changing performance.  Rohit Sharma and Dinesh Karthik have performed as per the expectations from them.  Glen Maxwell is however still to perform in this 
 who shrugged off a lean form to anchor the MI innings with a half-century to his credit.  It was questionable as to why Rohit Sharma came in only towards the end of the 12th over, Kieron Pollard in the 18th and Corey Anderson even later.  Super Kings 
 .  At the halfway stage the scorecard for MI read 57 for one.  R Ashwin claimed the wicket of Simmons on 38 in the 12th over.  Rohit Sharma with Rayudu brought up the MI 100 in the 16th over.  Ashwin dismissed Rohit Sharma on 19 to leave MI on 122 for three in 17.3 
 wicket of Simmons on 38 in the 12th over.  Rohit Sharma with Rayudu brought up the MI 100 in the 16th over.  Ashwin dismissed Rohit Sharma on 19 to leave MI on 122 for three in 17.3 overs and then claimed Pollard for a duck.  Corey Anderson made an unbeaten 18, 
 , Amit Mishra took three wickets, while Ravichandran Ashwin took two wickets.  India lost Shikhar Dhawan (1) early, but Rohit Sharma (56) and Virat Kohli (57*) yet again came to the rescue and made it easier for the team.  India reached 141/2 in 18.3 overs 
 platform for India with a massive third wicket partnership of 164 with Kohli's contribution being 78.  The struggling Rohit Sharma found form at last on this tour with 79 and wicket keeper Saha again came good with yet another half century.  Saha seems to 
 wicket with a day remaining in the Test match.  Earlier, India resumed the fourth day at 21/3, with overnight batsmen Rohit Sharma (50) and Kohli (21) getting the proceedings underway by facing the Sri Lankan bowlers smartly on a bright sunny morning 
 /4 from 23.3 overs when stumps were drawn.  India began at their overnight score of 50/2 only to lose Virat Kohli (18) and Rohit Sharma (26), both of whom perished after getting sound starts.  Kohli was dismissed by Sri Lankan skipper Angelo Mathews who 
 the hosts early breakthroughs.  India suffered two successive massive blows thereafter in the space of three overs as Rohit Sharma (4) and skipper Virat Kohli (3) were also sent back to the pavilion by the Lankan spin duo.  India was in trouble at 45/4.  
 skippers as well.  Despite having failed in the previous series against Sri Lanka, players like Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma can certainly bounce back by considering the fact that the series is played in home soil.  However, the batting skills of 
 has been removed and the dust has been cleaned up, its safe for you to be in that room again.  Later in the day, 26 year old Rohit Sharma became just the fifth player in history to hit two centuries in his first two Test innings.  The established Four Cs ( 
 B.  In reply, Pakistan were bowled out for 224 with three overs to spare.  The Indians had some hiccups as they lost opener Rohit Sharma (15) in the eighth over, with the total at just 34.  Virat Kohli joined Shikhar Diwan (73) and the two added 129 for the 
 Inn here on Friday.  Karthikeyan ...  Earlier, Arjun scored 106 runs while playing for Sunil Gavaskar XI against the Rohit Sharma XI in the Mumbai Cricket Association U16 Payyade Trophy.  Last Updated: Thursday, November 26, 2015 - 08:53. 0.  Shares.  
 that have given out mandates to hire CFOs.  We are business and tech guys who are focused on running the business, says Rohit Sharma , founder of Pokkt, which raised $2.5 million in July.  Looking to close another round of funding in two months, Sharma 
 .  Pietersen said the pitch wouldn't change too much over the course of the 40 overs, since it was an afternoon game.  Rohit Sharma , the Mumbai Indians captain, said he would also have fielded.  Mumbai gave South African fast bowler Marchant de Lange 
 well as having the ability to turn hobbies into careers At INTI we help students achieve their aspirations, outlined Rohit Sharma in his welcome speech.  He advocated the idea of learning from today's entrepreneurial icons and INTI alumni, and 
 which he didn't get in Bangladesh.  Ambitious as he is, Kohli has already identified the canvas to paint his masterpiece Rohit Sharma .  Kohli yesterday defended Rohit Sharma's string of poor scores in Test matches and said the Mumbaikar can make an 
 as he is, Kohli has already identified the canvas to paint his masterpiece Rohit Sharma.  Kohli yesterday defended Rohit Sharma's string of poor scores in Test matches and said the Mumbaikar can make an impact batting at No 3.  We figured out that Rohit 
 5 years on the exact date, Christopher Henry Gayle did the same thing.  Also in between these 5 years, Virendar Sehwag and Rohit sharma also did the same thing.  We are talking about the men who hit the milestone that others thought to be impossible.  These 4 
 ' by scoring a double- century against West Indies in Indore, yet another Indian on the Indian soil to score 200. 3.  Rohit Sharma  Rohit Sharma, famous for spending just a wee bit less time than the cooking time of Maggi noodles, pulled the impossible 
 a double- century against West Indies in Indore, yet another Indian on the Indian soil to score 200. 3.  Rohit Sharma  Rohit Sharma , famous for spending just a wee bit less time than the cooking time of Maggi noodles, pulled the impossible against the 
 , pulled the impossible against the might of the aussies on 2nd November 2013.  In just 158 balls and whooping 16 sixes, Rohit Sharma enrolled himself in the club with members like Tendulkar and Sehwag.  Rohit said this was probably the best he has ever 
 .  We know it is a small ground, runs are easy to come by once you are in.  I just wanted to stay in and capitalise later.   4.  Rohit Sharma (Again)  Once you're lucky, twice you're good.  This famous lines by Sarah Lacy were brought alive by none other than 
 (Again)  Once you're lucky, twice you're good.  This famous lines by Sarah Lacy were brought alive by none other than Rohit Sharma .  Having already scored a double century last year, Rohit Sharma made his critics shut their mouths with yet another 
 by Sarah Lacy were brought alive by none other than Rohit Sharma.  Having already scored a double century last year, Rohit Sharma made his critics shut their mouths with yet another great innings.  There was no shot he had not played.  No part of the 
 a patient 52 as India pressed for a 3-0 series rout against the hapless visitors who managed to dismiss Murali Vijay (3), Rohit Sharma (0), Shikhar Dhawan (21) and Cheteshwar Pujara (28) in quick succession.  With two full days left in the game, India may 
 being taken by Dane Vilas behind the stumps as he timed his jump to perfection.  The Indian team management promoted Rohit Sharma at number three, trying to give him some valuable time with less pressure and a sizeable lead on the board.  But the Mumbai 
 _ Oct 27, 2015 Actor Emraan Hashmi will soon be seen pairing up with his Jannat 2 PHOTOS: Ambanis host grand bash for Rohit Sharma , Harbhajan Singh Indian musician Ricky Kej's song part of Grammy nominated album &# Watch new trailer of Bollywood's 
 of the 26-year-old bowler the way he accepted that no bowler could putting his best foot forward if batsman like Rohit Sharma , who recently hit 264 runs against Sri Lanka, takes charge and alone sets a score which is adequate to beat the rivals.  On 
 ... Now we're getting onto slightly more 3D-heavy territory.  Raging Thunder Lite (and its ...  Dominant performance by Rohit Sharma , Dinesh Karthik and Sachin Tendulkar saw Mumbai Indians crush their Maharashtrian neighbours, Pune Warriors India, 
 of the order has the potential to nullify the edge.  The individuals in Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Ishant Sharma and R.  Ashwin have all shone brightly.  But it s the collective that represents the 
 one of the iconic innings of recent times.  A B De Villiers also holds the record for most number of six that he shares with Rohit Sharma and Chris Gayle.  The player has an amazing strike rate of 98.16, which is the highest of any South African player in 
 200 percent efforts in all the scheduled matches for the reason that rivals should never be supposed weak.  India have Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Cheteshwar Pujara and many youngsters, making 
 the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium here Sunday.  Put in, India made a poor start losing makeshift opener Rohit Sharma (4) and Virat Kohli (0) in successive deliveries off Tim Bresnan (4/45) in the fourth over and were soon left struggling 
 industry leaders were organised in conjunction with the launch of the survey findings.  The panellists included Mr. Rohit Sharma ; Mr. Sajith Sivanandan, Managing Director of Google Malaysia; Mr. Roshan Thiran, Managing Director of 
 atmosphere at the MCG Bangladesh's players were full of hope after dismissing star batsman Virat Kohli for three But Rohit Sharma's brilliant century saw his side post a challenging total Bangladesh started their chase well but lost two wickets in two 
 the Indian team after he was ignored for the Champions Trophy.  The good showing of the opening duo of Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma in the Champions Trophy has made it difficult for him to return to the Indian team.  Gambhir had hired the services of WV 
 .  On the batting front, India will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma fighting it out for the top-order slots.  Speaking highly of Dhawan and his 187 against Australia at the same venue in 
 is also a good bowler and now that he has got his chances, he has started performing.  Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma have it in them to break my record of scoring triple hundreds.  New faces should be given more time, said the 35-year-old 
 blocking AAP government's development even as he mockingly said that all 67 party MLAs were ready to work from insi...  Rohit Sharma said the learning phase for the Virat Kohli-led side, post the transition phase, is long over and the team is now ready to 
 balls – Yuvraj Singh top-edging Watson to deep midwicket, Irfan Pathan flicking the same bowler to short midwicket and Rohit Sharma bowled by Mitchell Starc.  Dhoni, so often India's saviour, took 21 balls to reach 15 before pushing straight to extra 
 his fiery shorts.  Marking yet another win at their home ground now Mumbai maintains a 6/6 win score at Wankhede.  Captain Rohit Sharma has a many options now in names of Dinesh Karthik, Dwayne Smith and now Kieron Pollard.  This is very crucial stage of the 
 as a sportsperson.  After all, the potential 'Playing 11' for the next World Cup would be among Virat Kohli, Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Varun Aaron, Ashwin, Stuart Binny, Ravindra Jadeja, Wriddhiman Saha, Ishwar Pandey and Cheteshwar Pujara.  As of now 
 Women's team.  Left to right: assisstant coaches Jeff Ota and Que Ngo, head coach Jessica Kunisaki, athletic trainer Rohit Sharma , and assistant coach Carlos Vicenty photo by Denise Tahara  To win this for more than just myself or for the girls, it has 
 if needed.  This feedback also helps in developing the required skill set in students to cater the industry needs.  rohit sharma 2 months 3 days ago  consolidated all separate programs in on one which cover 80 % of the issues. mobile van with GPS are 
 boy is striving to build a reputation as a batsman who can hit biggies and fours, putting stress on the opposition.  Since Rohit Sharma , who was in good form, is injured, the team management decided not to take any risk as the countdown has begun for the 
 back via power pack performances as India have deep batting lineup which includes Cheteshwar Pujara, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Virat Kohli and Murali Vijay.  It is a do or die situation for the guest.  If they fail to thrash the rivals on their own land 
 .  If they fail to thrash the rivals on their own land, chances of coming back into the game will be over then and there.  Rohit Sharma , whose 264 run innings opposite to Sri Lanka in a 50-50 over format match broke many records, fell short of expectations 
 end, Duminy began quietly but, helped by David Miller's 12-ball 23, added 36 in the final three overs.  India openers Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane began the pursuit in rapid fashion but, after Rohit hit Hendricks straight up in the air, Rahane was 
 , lightning fireworks and dancing in the streets with team flag held high in their hands.  Along with posters of skipper Rohit Sharma and other players, fans were also seen dancing and celebrating with Sachin Tendulkar poster, who is currently the 
 for Mumbai Indians this time and after their first defeat he must be the guy who will be experiencing the most burden.  Rohit Sharma , Dinesh Karthik and Ambati Rayudu in the batting order are crucial for the teams overall performance.  Glex Maxwell, 
 and taken five or more wickets for the match.  Ashwin's the only one to do it twice.  The 280-run partnership between Rohit Sharma and Ashwin was India's highest in Tests for the seventh wicket, beating the unbeaten 259-run partnership between VVS 
 the Man of the Match (MoM) on debut.  Other Indians to have done this are Narendra Hirwani, Pravin Amre and R.P. Singh , Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan, with Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan debuting after Ashwin.  Ashwin registered the 2nd best 
  Other Indians to have done this are Narendra Hirwani, Pravin Amre and R.P. Singh , Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan, with Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan debuting after Ashwin.  Ashwin registered the 2nd best bowling on debut by an Indian bowler with 9/ 
 by an Indian bowler with 9/128 performance, behind Hirwani's 16-wicket world record debut performance.  Ashwin & Rohit Sharma together put on a record 7th partnership(280 Runs) for India in the first test against West Indies  Ok first thing my game 
 of Multilateral Negotiations.  • The Role of Government Measures in the Hemp Economy  Speaking on the occasion Mr. Rohit Sharma , Executive Director of IIHA said, Industrial Hemp is something which can bring a revolution in the industry.  Hemp 
 of nailed it.  He made a score of 148 runs which is till yet the highest score made in the Asia Cup.  Along with Tendulkar and Rohit Sharma at a partnership of 133 and 172 respectively, Virat Kohli made India win the match.  Two of the run chases by India came in 
 Ronaldo says he is always disappointed to lose and his competition with Lionel Messi urges him to do even better  Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny were not picked for the first India versus South Africa Test under way in Mohali.  
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  BRISBANE: The 
 journey on low as they lost their opening match against Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) pretty cheaply.  Though the captain Rohit Sharma played some blistering innings it did not help the cause of the match.  The poor performance from their bowlers did not 
 second time after beating Chennai Super Kings by 41 runs.  Lendl Simmons struck 68 off 45 balls in the final and captain Rohit Sharma added...  The sixth installment of Mission: Impossible franchise is under development.  Paramount, Bad Robot and 
 environment.  In the process of calculating the correct lighting is necessary to consider the type of light [...]  Rohit Sharma doesn't want to read too much into South Africa's warm-up loss vs India A  Rohit Sharma says the Indian team is not reading 
 to consider the type of light [...]  Rohit Sharma doesn't want to read too much into South Africa's warm-up loss vs India A  Rohit Sharma says the Indian team is not reading too much into South Africa's surprise loss in the warm-up game and feels it will be a 
 for 3 runs versus New Zealand a world record and breaking the backbone of India in the final with the wicket of inform Rohit Sharma .  For the record, Herath has taken 54 ODI wickets from 55 matches and 12 T20 wickets from 9 outings.  He has 217 Test wickets 
 were reduced to 14 for 2 in 6.1 overs but skipper Virender Sehwag blasted a 52-ball 46 laced with six boundaries, while Rohit Sharma (50) and Sachin Rana (50) cracked twin half centuries to reignite the chase.  However, Sehwag was dismissed by Sayan 
 look for a fresh start.  India have very few positives to carry out from the first ODI.  Ashwin's tight bowling and opener Rohit Sharma's composed innings of 63 runs are the two which the visitors can take home from the first game.  Pacers Bhuvneshwar Kumar, 
 Varun Aaron.  Shami made way for R Ashwin.  It needs to be questioned then as to why had Dhoni dropped Stuart Binny to induct Rohit Sharma for the third Test.  Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli are still probing for their all important knock.  Shikhar Dhawan 
 the opening day of the first cricket Test, but wrecker-in-chief  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that  BRISBANE: The series-opener against New Zealand loomed 
 against the West Indies in a quarter final match of the world cup and was the second best in an ODI innings - second only to Rohit Sharma's 264.  He thus became just the second player to hit a World Cup double ton after Chris Gayle scored 215 vs Zimbabwe earlier 
 in the tournament.  The right-hander became the fifth player to score 200 in this format (It was the sixth occasion as Rohit Sharma had achieved the feat twice).  * Guptill surpassed his own best of 189* which was the best by a Kiwi before Saturday's 
 in World Cups.  He eventually crossed Virender Sehwag (219) to have the second highest individual score in ODIs, after Rohit Sharma (264).  He is now the only cricketer to have scored more than 150 in a World Cup knockout match.  He is also the only Kiwi to 
 few overs.  Rain stopped play as soon as India came for batting.  The game of just 4.1 overs was played wherein talented Rohit Sharma scored 9 runs and Shikhar Dhawan made 14 runs.  The total score put by the home team was 27 runs with no loss of wickets.  Even 
 to be inducted in the playing XI as No 6 batsman with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni coming in at No 7.  Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma are automatic choices as Nos 3 and 5 respectively.  Offie Ravichandran Ashwin is likely to be the lone spinner in the 
 Gary Kirsten's previous highest World Cup score of 188 not out against the UAE in Rawalpindi in 1996.  Only India's Rohit Sharma with 264 and Virender Sehwag (219) have scored more runs than the explosive West Indian left-hander in an ODI innings.  
 (1/15) struck in the first over to get rid of Glenn Maxwell for nought.  Aditya Tare (22), Ambati Rayudu (26) and skipper Rohit Sharma (25) all got starts but failed to convert them into match-winning knocks.  Pacer Sandeep Sharma (2/39) dismissed the 
 three middle-order batsmen frittered good starts.  India, on the other hand, profited after their openers Dhawan and Rohit Sharma (65) laid a solid foundation with an opening stand of 127.  This was the biggest difference between victory and defeat.  
 in Saif Ali Khan, a few non-functional LED lights, Shahid Kapoor almost taking a tumble and Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma stepping on a light were the low points.  But Shahid's overall performance and Hrithik Roshan's emotional but fiery 
 with Day 2, 3, 4 and 5 all washed out by rain.  India are playing three spinners - Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin and Amit Mishra.  Rohit Sharma  NewsHub archive in social networks  1.  Grants – Commissioner Downer requested clarification on the reimbursement for 
   Mukesh and his lovely wife Nita Ambani threw a lavish party in honour of newly wed, cricketer Harbhajan Singh and Rohit Sharma .  Their respective better...  Food and Culture : Nabeeh's Day 15  Can you think of a better expression of culture than food 
 before Rohan Mustafa at gully pulled off a one-handed stunner to send him back.  The pacer was Mohammed Naveed.  Rohit Sharma hit a fluent unbeaten 57 off 55 deliveries with the help of 10 fours and a six to notch up a significant score before the 
 play far better than the previous innings.  Performances of Gautam Gambhir, who made a comeback into the Test squad, and Rohit Sharma might be seen soon, however, perhaps not this time.  On the other hand, there is a huge probability to see Ravichandran 
 steep bounce out of the pitch.  He picked up two very quick wickets that helped KKR tighten the reigns over the MI batsmen.  Rohit Sharma was the only batsman who waited it out and played cautiously until the end to make a good set of runs.  Sunil Narine, with 
 .  Then Bangladesh set out on the almighty task of playing India . India batted first and posted 6/302 from their fifty.  Rohit Sharma was the backbone, with 137 from 126 deliveries, and other contributions came from Suresh Raina with 65 and Shikhar 
 Guptill sees him take second place in the record books for high scores in one day cricket.  Indian demolition expert, Rohit Sharma is first with 264 from 173 balls . Guptill displaced Indian Virender Sehwag into third place with his 219 from 149 .  So the 
 group likewise have an accomplished partners consequence of india versus australia like Shikhar Dhavan(Gabbar), Rohit Sharma , Virat Kohli, Ashwin, Jadeja, Mohhammed Shami and so on.  While in last Quarter Final against Bangladesh misfortune 
 misfortune the match by 103 runs and Indian group won the match with the assistance of enormous commitment by the Rohit Sharma of 137 runs which was valuable score india versus australia forecast for the Indian group and the opening Partnership 
 different from when they won the toss.  However, Stuart Broad struck in the fourth over when he nipped one back to beat Rohit Sharma's drive.  The scalp of Shikhar Dhawan, the tournament's leading run-scorer, was more highly prized, not least because he 
 Jasraj's daughter Avani at a Mumbai five-star this past weekend.  Mandakini came for the ...  India edge sixathon with Rohit Sharma's 209 – @EnglishCricket, yes that's true, but countries that prepare sporting wickets at home againt India soon find 
 just one year.  Among the top three Celebrity 100 List rank gainers are Dhanush (who moved up 41 ranks) and is at number 37, Rohit Sharma and Allu Arjun (both moved up 38 ranks) and are at number 12 and number 42 respectively.  This year's list also features 14 
 his second oneday hundred by smashing Dwayne Bravo for a six over third man.  Dhawan put on 101 for the first wicket with Rohit Sharma (52) and an unbroken 109 for the third with Dinesh Karthik, who made 51 not out.  India's second successive win in group B 
 and suspension, respectively, is a huge setback.  Considering the depth in India's batting lineup with the likes of Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Ajinkya Rahane and Mahendra Dhoni, their big batting pillars, Umar and 
 score Mar 23, 2015 New Zealand vs South Africa Cricket World Cup score: Tourists set MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - MARCH 19: Rohit Sharma of India bats during the 2015 ICC Conor McGregor's Mac Mansion: Step inside the luxury Las. latest South Africa in India 
 those who were present in the protest included, Pushpinder Singh, Abhishak, Suraj Kumar, Arun Manhas, , Ishu Rajput, Rohit Sharma , Nikhil Sharma, Makhan Bhagat, Sahil Manhas,and Others.  Although subsidy policies have come to an end in late May 2013 
 hundred in sight, the leftie attempted a reverse-sweep.  To Perera and Sri Lanka's horror, the ball went straight to Rohit Sharma at point, leaving the debutant a picture of pain, disappointment and disgust.  Perera's reverse-sweep is not likely to 
 for the final in Trinidad on July 11.  India squad: MS Dhoni (captain and wicketke eper), Shikhar Dhawan, Mur ali Vijay, Rohit Sharma ,Virat Kohli, Dinesh Karthik, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Irfan Pathan, Amit Mishra 
 take a one-handed catch over his head.  Morkel struck again with the first ball of his next over to dismiss the struggling Rohit Sharma for a golden duck, the ball zipping past his bat and flattening the off-stump.  Sharma's best score in the series has been 
 the World Cup 2015 are pivotal, giving players great exposure and break to prove their worthiness in the 'playing XI'.  Rohit Sharma marked his comeback in the 4th ODI with an unreliable 264-run knock that made its entry in the cricket records' book.  His 
 journey on low as they lost their opening match against Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) pretty cheaply.  Though the captain Rohit Sharma played some blistering innings it did not help the cause of the match.  The poor performance from their bowlers did not 
 one of the perks of living there instead of Delhi is that he would hardly ever get mobbed by fans if he goes out on his own.  2.  Rohit Sharma is Known to Enjoy Drinking and Not Often in a Good Way  Indian batting star Rohit Sharma does not come across as someone who 
 by fans if he goes out on his own.  2.  Rohit Sharma is Known to Enjoy Drinking and Not Often in a Good Way  Indian batting star Rohit Sharma does not come across as someone who would get into alcohol fuelled brawls but the man you seen on screen is quite 
 Maxwell and Bailey came for batting.  Bailey made brilliant 98 runs out of 94 balls.  However, he missed scoring 100 when Rohit Sharma took a very fine catch in the over of Vinay Kumar.  Maxwell also imparted his role perfectly as a batsman, scoring 92 runs 
 retained are, Lasith Malinga from Sri Lanka, Kieron Pollard from West Indies, Ambaty Rayudu and their current captain Rohit Sharma .  Rajasthan Royals: There was a thought that RR may only retain Shane Watson as rumors were making rounds in media that ' 
 regular captain Ricky Ponting, who has had a poor run with the bat this season, decided to sit out of today's match, and Rohit Sharma was leading the side in his absence.  KKR brought in slow left-arm orthodox bowler Iqbal Abdullah to assist Sunil Narine 
 in January.  Other Indian batsmen to head in the right direction include Shikhar Dhawan in eighth (up by three place), Rohit Sharma in 22nd (up by one place) and Ravindra Jadeja in 50th (up by 12 places).  Strong batting performances in the Asia Cup have 
 Cup hundred against Bangladesh to help India recover from a sluggish start to post and imposing 302/6.  (Getty Images)  Rohit Sharma's seventh one-day International (ODI) century helped India post 302 for 6 in the World Cup 2015 quarter-final against 
 in 17 balls.  His entire innings included 16 sixes.  Thus; he gets equal status with the previous record set by India's Rohit Sharma against Australia at Bangalore in 2013-14.  Supreme Court has Barred Srinivasan from Contesting BCCI Elections  The 
 , Hartnett came into the BBC to talk to one of the three authors of his monologue, 13-year-old Mokotedi.  Naveen Uraon ROHIT Sharma , the Indian batsman, on his way to 264 against Sri Lanka on Thursday at Eden Gardens in Kolkata, the 27-year-old blazed 
 4-2-8-2.  Pujara was taken out by off-spinner Simon Harmer, who trapped him leg-before and later got rid of a struggling Rohit Sharma (2) as India slumped to 125 for 6 from 50 for no loss in 32.2 overs on either side of lunch.  On a wicket that already showed 
 interesting to know that Hussey was dismissed for 1 in the IPL final in 2013-a game the CSK lost.  There are two reasons why Rohit Sharma comes in at number 1 in the list of the top match winners from the IPL in 2013.  First of all, he was the 6th highest run getter 
 lack of form and he led the team to a series of victories culminating to the memorable triumph n the final at Eden Gardens.  Rohit Sharma was without doubt the most influential match winner of the tournament.  Do watch out for this group of 10 incredible 
 however the former was expensive in terms of runs as he disbursed 98 runs.  Shami Ahmed, Ravindra Jadeja, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma would have to bowl in accurate line and length to get wickets as quickly as they can.  If Dhoni's young squad fail to turn 
 (@M_McGuinness_SF) March 10, 2015  Shikhar Dhawan led India's run chase with an 85-ball 100, while his opening partner Rohit Sharma made 64.  Virat Kohli (44 not out) and Ajinkya Rahane (33no) then saw their side - who had already qualified for the 
 they did not remove Dhawan who was dropped on five by Mooney off his own bowling and then on eight by Porterfield.  Rohit Sharma was the first to fall for 64 after chopping onto his leg stump off of Thompson, but Dhawan made the most of his let-offs and 
 win over Ireland to maintain their perfect record at the Cricket World Cup on Tuesday.  Shikhar Dhawan (100), Rohit Sharma (64) and Virat Kohli (44 not out) helped India to their target of 260 with 79 balls to spare at Seddon Park in Hamilton.  
 wicket as Australia made 328-7 - the highest ever score in a World Cup semi-final.  In reply, Shikhar Dhawan (45) and Rohit Sharma (34) made a strong start in putting on 76 for the first wicket, but India fell to 108-4 and were eventually all out for 233 
 Premier League at the Wankhede Stadium here tonight.  The home team owed their victory in large measure to skipper Rohit Sharma , who hammered an unbeaten 79 off just 39 balls to help them post an imposing 174 for three wickets in their 20 overs.  
 (33) and Dinesh Karthik (25) rescued the innings with their 32-run stand before the onslaught by stand-in skipper Rohit Sharma .  Kieron Pollard remained unbeaten on 20.  It was pure clean hitting by Sharma as Mumbai Indians scored 72 runs in the last 
 for his aggressive playing style, was fined 50 per cent of his match fee from the win over India last Sunday for imploring Rohit Sharma to speak English during a confrontation at the MCG.  Full-back Ivan Franjic is ready to play six games in three weeks if 
 economy?  This report examines the skills gap and provides strategies for answering this question affirmatively.  Rohit Sharma was born in Nagpur, Maharashtra in a Telugu speaking family of Gurunath Sharma and Purnima Sharma, who originally hail 
 .  His excellent performance in Giles and Harris School Tournaments served as a launch pad for his cricketing career.  Rohit Sharma is one of the most dependable middle order batsmen, who are usually seen to rescue the team, when it faces some critical 
 Cup when he slammed the umpiring at the showpiece, after an incident involving a run-out decision that went in favour of Rohit Sharma .  Having described the umpiring as very poor and with no quality, Kamal was urged to be more considerate in his 
 financial mechanisms that lead to the crash of Wall Street and then to the Great Depression of the 1930's.  Among others, Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan had a bad day but they too should get some big scores in the series which has been described as being 
 side was due to his well-remembered 174-ball 187-run knock on Test debut.  He started the innings on a cautious note with Rohit Sharma but went on to take the attack to the bowlers after settling into a good rhythm.  Dhawan and Rohit stitched a 127-run stand 
 on the helmet once as well, but that couldn't stop him.  There were times during the first-wicket partnership of 127 with Rohit Sharma when he was kept away from the strike.  But Dhawan showed his maturity and when he got his chance, played some superb shots 
 one of the prime candidates in line for a spot in the middle order of the Indian test team, competing against the likes of Rohit Sharma , Manoj Tiwary, Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli.  He made his Test debut on 6 February 2010, scoring 56 in the first 
 Indian team as well where Mohammed Shami ensured his presence in place of Varun Aaron and KL Rahul was in as he replaced Rohit Sharma .  Hopes are up with the debutant cricketer Rahul.  Australian skipper Steven Smith won the toss and elected to bat first.  
 likely to be replaced by Ishant in the playing XI.  Gurkeerat was kept as a stand-by fielder during the Mohali match, when Rohit Sharma , Stuart Binny and Bhuvneshwar Kumar were released to play Ranji Trophy.  Punjab did not have a Ranji game in the last 
 it can be said in Mumbai defense that they were bereft of the services of their star players like Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma , all praise should go to Parvez Rasool and his team for keeping composure and emerging victorious in this match.  6 
 )  The pitch at the SCG for Thursday's Cricket World Cup semi-final against Australia is of no concern to India batsman Rohit Sharma .  India batsman Rohit Sharma is confident his team can deal with however the SCG pitch plays in their Cricket World Cup 
 Cricket World Cup semi-final against Australia is of no concern to India batsman Rohit Sharma.  India batsman Rohit Sharma is confident his team can deal with however the SCG pitch plays in their Cricket World Cup semi-final against Australia 
 cannot leave him out & he is a liability as a batsman.mohit: @donald ask ur msc student to do research on what happens to rohit sharma when he plays for india i guess they r twins one plays for india one for misammydude: @Vinod Andre Russel is there in the 
 hitter in earlier version of the tournament, couldn't do much and was out at the minimal score of 5 runs.  It was the opener Rohit Sharma who tried to stabilize wobbly Indian innings and played an attractive knock of 56 runs (4 x 7 and 6 x 2).  Ajinkya Rahane 
 between 307 and 275-280 that India would have scored otherwise.  Batting first after winning the toss, India lost Rohit Sharma quickly even before he could open his account.  He was run out because of a misunderstanding with Shikhar Dhawan.  In came 
 matches.  He has played for Delhi Daredevils and Kolkata Knight Riders from 2008 to 2014.  The leading Indian batsman, Rohit Sharma is one of the best IPL batsmen, having scored 2903 runs in 112 matches till now.  He has been a part of the series from 2008 to 
 Binny has been included in the Indian side that is destined for the New Zealand tour in near future.  Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma have been given further chances despite their dismal performances in South Africa.  Zaheer Khan and Ishant Sharma have 
 a few spells of rain in the next 48 hours and possibility of a curtailed match cannot be ruled out.  In the series opener, Rohit Sharma's maiden T20I century in an entertaining stroke-play along with Virat Kohli's 43 meant India could not have asked for 
 .  On the batting front, India will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma fighting it out for the top-order slots.  Speaking highly of Dhawan and his 187 against Australia at the same venue in 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  Our constant mission is to 
 to miss out another hundred at Vizag, when he got dismissed for 99.  There is a tough competition between Kohli and Rohit Sharma to grab the top slot as the highest run getter in 2013.  Kohli has scored 1,268 runs in 32 matches, while Rohit has scored 
 Indian squad breathe a sigh of relieve at least for some time.  He was sent back to the pavilion when Ali took the charge.  Rohit Sharma did not succeed in playing a spellbinding knock for which he is famous among several cricket fans.  Hitting 28 runs, the 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  BRISBANE: The 
 everyone for the wishes and love, he wrote.  Harbhajan was congratulated by the likes of Mika Singh, Kapil Sharma, Rohit Sharma and many more.  Harbhajan Singh is making a comeback in the Indian ODI squad after 4 years.  He was named in the 15-man squad 
 take some time to get to that point.  South Africa beat host India in first ODI  KANPUR: A brilliant 150 off 133 balls from Rohit Sharma was in vain as South Africa defeated India by five runs in the first one-day international in Kanpur on Sunday.  Home > 
 Dhoni51 (20) 6 x4, 2 x6, 255.00 SR Dwayne Bravo33 (14) Chennai Super Kings 1st InningsBattingRB4s6sS/RMurali Vijayc Rohit Sharma b Dhawal Kulkarni150020.00Age: 28 Right Handed More..1.1 OUT!  Kulkarni strikes first ball and he is ecstatic!  Bowls 
 ecstatic!  Bowls an over-pitched delivery, outside off, Vijay goes for the drive and gets a thick outside edge behind.  Rohit Sharma takes a good catch at first slip.  It was a touch lazy from Vijay and he pays the price!.  Michael Husseyc Dhawal Kulkarni b 
 a thick inside edge straight on the middle stump.  Brilliant start for Kulkarni and Mumbai..  Subramaniam Badrinathc Rohit Sharma b Kieron Pollard473961120.51Age: 32 Right Handed More..13.2 OUT!  Bowls another slower one, length on the middle, 
 More..13.2 OUT!  Bowls another slower one, length on the middle, Badrinath just chips it straight down the ground and Rohit Sharma comes around to get under it.  Pollard has helped break the stand..  MS Dhoninot out512062255.00Age: 31 Right Handed 
 it.  Pollard has helped break the stand..  MS Dhoninot out512062255.00Age: 31 Right Handed More..  .Ravindra Jadejac Rohit Sharma b Dhawal Kulkarni120050.00Age: 23 Left Handed More..15.1 OUT!  Jadeja goes!  Gets a fullish delivery outside off, he 
 Modelling and Simulation [4th : Pisa, Italy : 17-19 November 2010], pp.27-31..  Google Citation  Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Rohit Sharma , Nitin, Deepankar Bhardwaj, Yaras Agarwal, Mehboob Shrivastava, Prashant Srivastava, Avinash Kumar (2009).  
 Systems & Applications [Las Vegas Nevada, USA : July 13-16, 2009], pp.-..  Google Citation  Nitin, Gitanjali Chauhan, Rohit Sharma , Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Rohit Verma, Gaurav Kumar, Utkarsh Shrivastava, Rajan Vaish (2009).  Single Tape Deterministic 
 on Foundations of Computer Science [Las Vegas, Nevada, USA : July 13-16, 2009], pp.47-52..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Nitin, Bhasker P., Verma I.  (2009).  Design and implementation of a 64-bit RISC processor using 
 on Computer Modelling and Simulation [11th : Cambridge, U.K. : 25-27 March, 2009], pp.568-573..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Nitin, Thakur A., Khan A.M., Sharma A., Sharma P.  (2009).  Peltier effect based solar powered air 
 on Ultra Modern Telecommunications and Workshops [St. Petersburg, Russia : 12-14 Oct. 2009], pp.-..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , Nitin, Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Saumya Rawat, Vinodini Kapoor (2008).  Time domain Analysis of VLSI Interconnects 
 Conference on Computer Design (CDES) [8th : Nevada, USA : July 14-17, 2008], pp.57-60..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , Nitin, Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Durg Singh Chauhan (2008).  Closed form Expression for the Extraction of Capacitances in 
 on Engineering and Computer Science [San Francisco, USA : 22-24 October, 2008], pp.35-46..  Google Citation  Nitin, Rohit Sharma , Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Garhwal S., Srivastava N., Vaibhav K.  (2008).  CSMIN revisited: Accurate algorithms and 
 Conference on Computer and Information Science [7th : Portland, OR : 14-16 May 2008], pp.427-432..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , Vivek Kumar Sehgal , Nitin, Sood M., Dhawan P., Prasad A., Srivastava M., Agarwal A.  (2008).  An embedded platform for 
 featured century partnerships with Ajinkya Rahane and Suresh Raina to post a daunting 299 total, after both openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar [...]  South African cricketer AB de Villiers and his wife Daniella became proud parents of their first 
 and reach an imposing total.  Apart from Rayudu (53 not out) and Simmons, opener parthiv Patel made 23, Unmukt Chand 13, Rohit Sharma 27 and Kieron Pollard 24.  Chasing 188 for a win, Rajasthan ended up with 179 for seven, nine runs short of their target, 
 (2/38).  Their innings was propped up by a half-century by opener Lendl Simmons (51) and 33 by Kieron Pollard.  Skipper Rohit Sharma contributed an unbeaten 24.  Simmons, who hit six fours and a six in his 51, put on 42 for the first wicket with Parthiv 
 seven from their allotted 20 overs as their top order finally clicked.  Apart from Simmons (59) and Chand ( 58), skipper Rohit Sharma also got among the runs, making 42 off just 15 balls with the help of three fours and four sixes.  Chasing 210 for a win, the 
 , Mumbai, Maharashtra You are required to achieve organizational goals.  Location Mumbai, Maharashtra Company Rohit Sharma Freelancer Experience 5 years Skills Should be Female - B.Com Graduate with ...  Full Time Asistant Accountant, Mumbai 
 up to their reel image while posing for the . May 3, 2015 . Ritika Sajdeh, Indian cricketer and Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma's fiancée is not a new name in the world of Cricket.  No, she is not a . Jan 25, 2013 . rittika sen ; Ritika Sen ; ritika; rittika 
 .  Earlier, Tendulkar and Smith provided the home team with a good start, putting on 93 for the first wicket after skipper Rohit Sharma won the toss and opted to bat first.  Tendulkar made the best use of the field restrictions in the initial overs and hit 
 newly weds Bhajji Geeta (View Pics) 'Hate Story 3' surpasses expectations at box-office.  A fairytale wedding: Hitman Rohit Sharma weds Ritika Sajdeh (See married adult dating services Pics) Starry-meet: When Deepika Padukone adult dating 
 Singh Dhoni were forced to rethink their strategies.  Risky Cricket When the first over after tea saw the removal of Rohit Sharma for 19, India opted to go on all-out attack.  Dhoni and Ravindra Jadeja belted 54 in under seven overs in what Dhoni 
 Yadav will help their thumping down a few pins.  Players to Watch India vs South Africa 3rd Test Live video  Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Shikhar Dhawan, Chetshwar Pujar and Wriddhiman Saha contributed a noteworthy number continues 
 January 12.  Mukesh Ambani and Neeta Ambani hosted a massive party on Saturday for cricketers Harbhajan Singh and Rohit Sharma to celebrate their marriages.  Madhya Pradesh right-hander Amandeep Khare hit a fine century as India U-19 beat their 
 and two sixes in his 44-ball 48.  When Simmons left in the 14th over, there was very little work left for Patel and skipper Rohit Sharma (7 not out) to do.  P Kumar run out (Pandya/Pollard) 4  Mumbai Indians (target: 114 runs from 20 overs)  Rahul Gandhi goes on 
 need of 3 rd one being played.  It was Sachin's first century on Australian soil in first one day and contributions from Rohit Sharma took India to clinch the series.  Indian Premiere League – Apr 2008 – Jun 2008 Wooden Stick(s) and Leather Ball Minting 
 followed it up with a lofted hit over mid-on.  Skipper Kohli's promising innings was cut short by a freak dismissal while Rohit Sharma's indiscreet shot selection compounded the home team's problems on a Feroz Shah Kotla track which was far better than the 
 struck seven boundaries in 62 balls adding 70 runs with Ajinkya Rahane for the fourth wicket.  But it will certainly be Rohit Sharma (1), whose irresponsible shot-selection will be talked about for some time to come.  Having been dropped at slip on 0 by 
 the first wicket in 7.1 overs before they departed in quick succession.  At the half-way mark, Dinesh Karthik (10) and Rohit Sharma (8) were at the crease.  Ponting and Tendulkar, who have failed to get among the runs in this tournament so far, except for 
 Riders on Wednesday night, the Indians will take confidence out of their batting which included 98 not out (65) from Rohit Sharma and 55 not out (41) from Kiwi import Corey Anderson.  Boasting a bowling division made up of Lasith Malinga, Vinay Kumar 
 overs, including the key scalps of Ajinkya Rahane, Deepak Hooda and man-of-the-match James Faulkner.  Danger Man: Rohit Sharma (MI) The captain led from the front in the Indians' first match, making his 98 runs in the face of quick wickets falling 
 on Thursday.  After the president of the International Cricket Council (ICC) criticised the no-ball decision given in Rohit Sharma's favour on Thursday, the governing body has offered match officials its support.  Mustafa Kamal was criticial of the 
 duration of the match.  India posted 300/7 in its allotted overs with Pakistan only managing 224 runs in response.  Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan gave a cautious start to Indian innings and played out the initial overs of Haris Sohail, Wahab Riaz, 
 Center in 1978.  Probable XI: Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli (c), Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , Wriddhiman Saha, Ravichandran Ashwin, Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, Umesh Yadav/Bhuvneshwar KumarStats and 
 to bat against South Africa in the first Test at Mohali's PCA Stadium.  India has left out paceman Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Rohit Sharma , KL Rahul, and Stuart Binny.  Ishant Sharma is also sitting out ...  Chandigarh: Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh 
 bowlers were Nuwan Pradeep and...  Ravichandran Ashwin's career-best figures of 4/25 laid the perfect platform and Rohit Sharma made most of the opportunity with a half-century as India recorded a comprehensive nine-wicket win...  Diane Saber, 
 of over 40.  India's batsmen will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma in contention lost Shikhar Dhawan without a run on board but Murali Vijay (40 batting) and Cheteshwar Pujara (31) 
 Pujara (31) steadied will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma fighting 2013-14.  Teams(from): India: Virat Kohli (capt), Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, 
 to victory against England by 133 runs in the second one-day international at Cardiff.  Raina scored 100 off 75 balls and Rohit Sharma and MS Dhoni also hit half-centuries as the tourists posted 304-6.  Ravindra Jadeja then claimed four wickets as 
 : September 2015  September 30, 2015 Comments Off on It is not only pace, South Africa have quality spinners too: Rohit Sharma  Rohit Sharma said India are preparing both for spin and pace attack of South Africa.  September 30, 2015 Comments Off on 
 2015  September 30, 2015 Comments Off on It is not only pace, South Africa have quality spinners too: Rohit Sharma  Rohit Sharma said India are preparing both for spin and pace attack of South Africa.  September 30, 2015 Comments Off on Trent Boult 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  ELSA Malta welcomes law 
 .  A Feather in the Cap It is an esteem honour for the Manav Rachna Education Institutions...  Best paper award Dr. Rohit Sharma won BEST PAPER AWARD.  The conference provided a unique platform to us for witnessing some thought provoking 
 the record of Sanath Jayasuriya  Sanath Jayasuriya had scored 109 against India in 2009 at the age of 39  Indian cricketer Rohit Sharma scored the highest ODI score ever of 264  The score of 264 runs is also the second-highest List A score  With this he became 
 going for go-karting.  The TV audiences for the Ind-Aus series are up by more than 30 per cent than last year's Ashes.  Rohit Sharma has looked good in two practice matches the team has played at the start of the tour.  Ed Cowan didn't seem happy after his 
 .    The World T20 win in 2007 was also the launch of Dhoni as a leader.  The way he led the young bunch of players like Rohit Sharma , S Sreesanth and others was really praiseworthy.  From there on, he became the big figure in terms of captaincy in world 
 has already been told by Cricket Australia to stop looking for trouble after his recent clash with Indian batsman Rohit Sharma .  The explosive opener was fined half his one-day match fee by the ICC for confronting Sharma and demanding he speak 
 experience for its students in their development to be the leaders of tomorrow.  Speaking on the collaboration, Mr. Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer of INTI, said, We believe that by collaborating with LinkedIn, our students are given the 
 be Australia.  Gavaskar's mind scored over his heart.  When Aussie bowler Johnson took the wickets of Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma in quick succession, the match appeared as good as lost.  Dhoni played out the remaining overs but he never appeared to be 
 without much of a fight.  It appeared that Team India was not playing to win.  The opening stand of 76 runs between Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan was not properly made use of by the team.  There was not much of communication between the captain and 
 forward to his induction into the Milford Football Hall of Fame.  Bill Mitchell can be reached at mc@newszap.com  Rohit Sharma 1 , PK Prajapati 2 1 Department of Rasashastra and Bhaishajya Kalpana, Abhilashi Ayurvedic College and Research 
 this charitable effort  Melborn: India has made it again, for the seventh time in a row in World Cup 2015.  Star batsman Rohit Sharma had hit India into the semi-finals.  The talented cricketer from Mumbai found his form at the right time.  The Tigers from 
 the batting maestro with Bharat Ratna was initiated on the first day of his farewell cricket Test in November 2013.  Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane scored half-centuries as the two-day warm-up match between India and New Zealand XI ended in a draw.  
 mechanisms involved in insulin secretion and diabetes pathogenesis.  Rohit's 264 studs massive Indian win  Rohit Sharma made history on Thursday by smashing an incredible 264 for India against Sri Lanka to break the record for the highest 
 59 for 2 in 13 overs, and remained the last time the match was competitive.  Shaminda Eranga of Sri Lanka (C) reacts as Rohit Sharma of India (L) looks on after being dropped by Thisara Perera of Sri Lanka (not in the picture ) during the 4th One Day 
 , though, there was no shortage of action.  England's bowlers, James Anderson and Stuart Broad first up, were sharp, and Rohit Sharma was the first to suffer, losing his stumps to an airy drive.  Two brief interruptions for rain ensured that the batsmen 
 by Morkel when he reached 13.  Morkel then had skipper Virat Kohli caught behind by Dane Vilas for 22 and Harmer had Rohit Sharma caught at short-leg for two to leave the hosts reeling on 125-6.  The tourists, who lost the first Test in Mohali before 
 is, or more accurately, who is not playing in the ODI team.  MS Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Mahammed Shami, Ravichandran Ashwin, Rohit Sharma , Ravindra Jadeja, and Shikhar Dhawan will not be playing on the ODI team and will be resting this one out.  While some may 
 of its second innings in the morning with a first-innings lead of 213 runs.  He dismissed opener Murali Vijay for 3 and Rohit Sharma for a duck in quick succession before Cheteshwar Pujara and Shikhar Dhawan forged a 45-run partnership that took India 
 was the only one among the four injured cricketers who failed in the fitness test.  The injured quartet of Ishant Sharma, Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Ravindra Jadeja went through rigourous fitness drills and the lanky pacer, who last played 
 include Adam Gilchrist, Andrew Symonds, VVS Laxman, Herschelle Gibbs, Scott Styris, RP Singh, Shahid Afridi, Rohit Sharma and Chaminda Vaas.  The city also houses the Swarnandhra Pradesh Sports Complex , the G.M.C. Balayogi Athletic Stadium 
 the function, in a sign of improving ties between the two parties.  Apart from Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja, the list includes players like Sanju Samson, Manish Pandey and Kuldeep 
 and had given a tremendous performance piling up a huge total of 331 runs.  The opening partnership of Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma was the highlight of the innings.  When both the openers Dhavan and Rohit, both had achieved half centuries and were in 
 victory.  Opener Simmons set the tone with his 51, which featured six fours and a maximum, while Kieron Pollard (33) and Rohit Sharma (24) also made solid contributions.  The bowling efforts of Bhuvneshwar Kumar (3-26) did go some way to limiting Mumbai 
 and all of them have shown good form and have scored runs recently, whether it's KL Rahul, Pujara, Shikhar Dhawan or even Rohit Sharma .  Rohit might not have a hundred to his name of late, but, he has scored a few crucial half centuries for the team.  Dhawan 
 4-12) and Piyush Chawla (2-13) did the damage as seven wickets tumbled for 21 runs.  India had earlier posted 170-4, with Rohit Sharma blazing an unbeaten 55.  Both sides had already secured their place in the Super Eights, but that will be scant 
 .  Electing to bat first, Mumbai managed to put on 1645 despite their top order flopping again, including skipper Rohit Sharma who earned his second successive duck.  Mumbai were tottering at 45 for three in the 10th over when Pollard joined 
 captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Shikhar Dhawan.  Put in to bat first, India started off on a promising note as openers Rohit Sharma (29) and Shikhar Dhawan put on a 39-run partnership in seven overs before the former fell prey for the third time in the 
 of changing the face of whooping it up, the place boasts of a very impressive warehouse of your favorite potions.  AS Rohit Sharma , Co-owner at TLW says,  you could order a bottle at the table and even if you don't manage to finish it up the same night, we 
 .  Hopes are yet up from Wriddhiman Saha, Ajinkya Rahane, Cheteshwar Pujara, Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma .  Mahendra Singh Dhoni will captain the 2nd Test.  Being a cricketer who can score anytime if balls are faced with sheer 
 India captain Virat Kohli (21) who again succumbed to his penchant for pushing at deliveries outside the off-stump.  Rohit Sharma (50) looked more convincing, hitting Pradeep for back-to-back boundaries and bringing up his fourth Test fifty 
 in and click few pictures with the help of the guard, who was very friendly.   At the 150th anniversary of Eden Gardens, Rohit Sharma scored 264 off 173 balls against Sri Lanka.  The stadium and fans couldn't have asked for more.  HolidayIQ Traveller 
 for the team.  He played an inning of 59 runs off just 37 balls partnering with Glen Maxwell taking Mumbai to a win.  Captain Rohit Sharma scoring 526 runs has added a stability factor in the middle order play of the team.  Also Dinesh Karthik with an innings 
 Indian team is in Australia to play 4-match Test Series, Ravi Shastri, stand-in skipper Virat Kohli, Murali Vijay and Rohit Sharma also marked their appearances.  Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott, Bill Shorten, Mike Baird, Australian Test 
 were at a tricky position.  Instead he chose to go with the fast off spin of Ravindra Jadeja and the part time off spin of Rohit Sharma in an effort to stem the flow of runs.  The plan backfired and the South Africans built up a deal that ultimately led to 
 16th  NAPCO Offices on Spring Garden St  May 3, 2015 . Ritika Sajdeh, Indian cricketer and Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma's fiancée is not a new name in the world of Cricket.  No, she is not a . Oct 4, 2011 . Watch the exclusive and unseen photo shoot 
 .  With a spot in the Cricket World Cup final against New Zealand on the line, expect the intensity to peak.  India batsman Rohit Sharma said his squad was prepared to fight fire with fire in Thursday's  AUCKLAND, New Zealand (AP) – For the New Zealand 
 of being No. 1 in the world.  I feel honored to be No....  KOLKATA (TIP): West Indies finally dismissed India but not before Rohit Sharma and R Ashwin stretched the lead past 200 on the third morning....  MUMBAI (TIP): Will another chapter be added to the 
 and Dawlat and the left-right combination bring in the variety to fast bowling.  Lineups: India: Virat Kohli (c), Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Ambati Rayudu, Dinesh Karthik (wk), Ravindra Jadeja, Ravichandran Ashwin, Amit 
 the team of the Excise Department comprising Excise & Taxation Officers Joginder Singh Jasrotia, Farooq Choudhary, Rohit Sharma , Inspectors Gulrez Malik, Javed Iqbal, Narinder Gupta and Rajesh Chander, Sub-Inspectors Milan Gupta and Bilal 
 but still could not win the match for his team.  At the ten overs time out mark, RCB were 62 for 3.  Thereafter, Gibbs and Rohit Sharma gave some respectability to the score and the Deccan chargers were 143 for 6 after 20 overs.  So you're interested in 
 scorers.  For India, Ravichandran Ashwin took three wickets.  Chasing a victory target of 173, India started well, with Rohit Sharma and Rahane adding 39 runs for the first wicket in 3.5 overs.  There was a lull in between when Imran Tahir and Beuran 
 .  India reached 176/4 in 19.1 overs and won the match by six wickets.  Kohli remained unbeaten on 72 off 44 balls.  Rohit Sharma and Rahane contributed 24 and 32 respectively.  Hendricks took two wickets.  Kohli's contribution was so important 
 , have so far failed in their performance in this tournament.  As of now Dinesh Kartik, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma can be said to be the failures of this tournament as they do not have any worthwhile contribution in the matches which 
 the funds raised to strengthen technology infrastructure, improve its product offerings and enhance headcount, Rohit Sharma , founder and CEO, said.  Pokkt is an alternate mobile monetisation platform that helps digital goods owners in 
 , a B2C platform that allows app developers to acquire customers in a targeted way.  Pokkt was founded in July 2012 by Rohit Sharma , former CEO of Reliane Entertainment, along with Vaibhav Odhekar and Sharad Ingule.  An MBA from UK's Lancaster 
 starts failing too!  There is hue and cry that Viru should be the opening batsman in the World Cup.  It's been years since Rohit Sharma was trying to prove his hidden talent which seemed like everybody except him was aware of, but soon the fans wanted him 
 .  He holds a 11 point advantage over Shikar Dhawan.  Other cricketers who experienced gains include Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma .  Captain Virat Kohli is second after scoring 3 sets of 100 runs in 5 matches.  Hashim Alma dropped to fifth place.  For 
 of Multiple Cooperating Autonomous Undersea Vehicles (217 KB pdf), Radim Bartos, Venkata S.  Gorla, Leon N.  Cyril, Rohit Sharma , Rick J.  Komerska, Steven G.  Chappell.  In Proceedings of the MTS/IEEE Oceans 2006 Conference , September 2006.  
 bat in the third cricket Test against South Africa here today.  India strengthened their batting line-up by including Rohit Sharma in place of Varun Aaron, while Stuart Binny made way for Amit Mishra.  India is going into the match with three spinners - R 
 is suing the department, the New Mexico Law Enforcement Academy and the governor for discrimination after she says ...  Rohit Sharma is racing against to time to be fit for the World Cup 2015.  On a hot day in Perth on Thursday, when the Indian team chose not 
 him and television pictures showed the two players speaking to each other outside the dressing rooms.  Indian batsman Rohit Sharma , who hit a halfcentury, played down the on-field tension, saying he saw Ishant Sharma and Prasad chatting over tea 
 on 22.  India have not won a Test series in Sri Lanka since 1993 when Mohammad Azharuddin's men clinched a 1-0 victory.  Rohit Sharma said he hoped India can win, just as they did in the second Test where Sri Lanka were bowled out for 134 chasing a target of 
 210 runs after the top four had fallen for 64.  The revival began with a 54-run partnership for the fifth wicket between Rohit Sharma (50) and Stuart Binny (49) before Ravichandran Ashwin smashed 58 to boost the total.  Ojha scored 35, but Amit Mishra (39 
 departed early.  He was given out caught behind the wickets.  It was again a controversial decision.  Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma provided a bit of steadiness to the innings and added 52 runs for the second wicket.  But, all of a sudden, India lost two 
 second wicket.  But, all of a sudden, India lost two quick wickets and was in a spot of bother at 90 for 3.  Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma brought India out of trouble and added 68 runs for the fourth wicket.  Rohit Sharma was given out leg before wicket at the 
 of bother at 90 for 3.  Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma brought India out of trouble and added 68 runs for the fourth wicket.  Rohit Sharma was given out leg before wicket at the score of 83.  It seemed that the ball was going outside the leg stump, but, the umpire 
 batsmen who were automatic choices are openers Murali Vijay and Shikhar Dhawan, skipper Virat Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma and A team captain Cheteshwar Pujara.  KL Rahul, who missed out against Bangladesh due to dengue, also made a come back as 
 Mishra, M Vijay, Varun Aaron, Axar Patel.  India A squad: Manoj Tiwary (capt), Unmukt Chand, Manan Vohra, Karun Nair, Rohit Sharma , Kedar Jadhav, Sanju Samson (wk), Parveez Rasool, Karn Sharma, Stuart Binny, Dhawal Kulkarni, Jasprit Bumrah, 
 the slowest players, led by Harbhajan Singh (3/18).  Teams (from): Mumbai Indians: Lendl Simmons, Parthiv Patel (wk), Rohit Sharma (c), Ambati Rayudu, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Harbhajan Singh, Jagadeesha Suchith, Mitchell McClenaghan, 
 for the first time and bagged the second Runners-up.  Aravind from Abacus Sr. remained the highest scorer and Rohit Sharma was the sole hat-tricker of the tournament.  Event Date – December 15, 2010  The Abacusians had organised Abacus 
 twitter tweets.  At the night of eve of World surroundings day 2015, Cricketers Sachin Tendulkar, Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma at the side of Mr. Javadekar will plant saplings in Mumbai.  Media and celebrities have inspired World Environment Day 
 , in the first match of the night for the third place, Patna Piraes bulldozed Bengaluru Bulls 29-22.  Opening batsman Rohit Sharma has suffered a finger injury and has been ruled out of the one-day international (ODI) and T20 international series 
 India's earlier matches, scoring 11, 17, and a duck, [ 2 ] before being dropped from the semi-final and final in favour of Rohit Sharma .  [ 34 ] India went on to win after starting the tournament as outsiders.  Karthik kept his place in the Indian squad for the 
 .  In the end CSK laboured to 161/8 in their 20 overs, falling short by 41 runs in what turned out to be one-sided final.  Both Rohit Sharma and Harbhajan Singh continued their love affair with Eden Gardens with the MI skipper hitting a 25-ball 50 (6x4, 2x6) 
 .  On the batting front, India will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma fighting it out for the top-order slots.  Speaking highly of Dhawan and his 187 against Australia at the same venue in 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  BRISBANE: The 
 infrastructure set-up support and technical assistance wherein IDIEM staff support project implementations.  Rohit Sharma's fantastic knock of 83 helped India seal the series in the fourth One-Day International (ODI) against England at Mohali 
 opportunities he has been given, still needs improvement.  India make a shocking change with Rahane being dropped and Rohit Sharma coming in while England's anticipated change was Craig Kieswetter making way for Jos Buttler.  Ishant Sharma was the 
 a game, Team India thrashed England by five wickets to win the fourth ODI at Mohali on Wednesday.  Suresh Raina(89*) and Rohit Sharma (83) guided India to a win with 15 balls to spare.  With a win at Mohali , Team ...  Akhilesh Kumar India's skipper MS Dhoni 
 eve of 4th ODI match against England.  Mohali : England captain Alastair Cook on Wednesday gave credit to Indian batsmen Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina for the five-wicket win of the home side in the fourth one-dayer here, saying the 68-run fourth wicket 
 at the moment South Africa at this venue.  Ms Dhoni, Indian skipped won the toss and has decided to put proteas to chase.  Rohit Sharma had to return to the pavilion with out scoring any run, he was run out by ABD  Shikar Dhawan has scored his 7th century and 
 include Food Lion, Hannaford Brosl, Sweetbay, Bottom Dollar and Harveys.  Mumbai: Mumbai Indians' (MI) skipper Rohit Sharma on Tuesday said with four back-to-back victories, the side has got the momentum and is peaking at the right time for the 
 Indian Premier League (IPL).  After Yuvraj Singh's late blitz helped Delhi Daredevils post 152/6, Ambati Rayudu and Rohit Sharma displayed excellent batting skills to help Mumbai reach 153/5 in 19.3 overs, registering a five-wicket win here.  We 
 .  The Summit is a one-day event for...  CEAT Ltd announced its association with one of India's most proficient batsmen; Rohit Sharma for a 3-year bat endorsement deal.  Rohit Sharma is the first ever player to score two double-hundreds in ODI history, 
 its association with one of India's most proficient batsmen; Rohit Sharma for a 3-year bat endorsement deal.  Rohit Sharma is the first ever player to score two double-hundreds in ODI history, among many other accolades he has...  Anchor 
 dent India further.  He first got rid of Pujara right after Lunch and then returned for another tight spell, dismissing Rohit Sharma for just 2 to leave India reeling at 125 for 6.  Ravindra Jadeja then launched the counter-attack, managing a boundary 
 Patel hit three sixes and five fours in his 36-ball knock.  Patel was the first to go in the 13th over, after which skipper Rohit Sharma (26) and Simmons, who was later chosen Man of the Match, took the total to 154.  Simmons fell in the last over with the total 
 with Sachin firing from the best.  They have hitters like James Franklin, Pollard and Symonds.  Children like Jacobs, Rohit Sharma and Ambati Rayadu.  They have amazing bowling line-up which boasts of slinga Malinga, Harbhajan Singh, Munaf Patel, 
 risks faced by independent clothing designers through a group-buying marketplace.  Social Ease Liuna Fekravar and Rohit Sharma pitch Social Ease, a platform on Sunday night.  SocialEase helps small businesses consolidate and automate social 
 but weé¥æae out there in the community every day getting youngsters into rugby and thaté¥æa crucial.é¥? louis vuitton Rohit Sharma is set to play at number three in the first Test against Sri Lanka beginning tomorrow but Sunil Gavaskar feels India 
 child is affiliated to its father if it is born in the 10 months following the date of separation or death.   1  JAMMU, Dec 5 : Rohit Sharma shall be playing against Momin Mehraj in the final of junior snooker event, on a later date, in the ongoing 23rd State 
 that calmness at the top of the order.    Also, on field, he is a great help for the young bowlers and the young captain like Rohit Sharma .  He is vital for us going into the play offs and we are very happy that he is fit and fine.    When asked about the Kings XI 
 to a gettable 143-6.  Kumble got the dangerous Adam Gilchrist in his first over before removing Andrew Symonds and Rohit Sharma .  Herschelle Gibbs found little support from the other end, scoring an unbeaten 53.  Kumble won the toss earlier and 
 day by consolidating their position to score 274 in the second innings with useful contributions from R Ashwin (58), Rohit Sharma (50), Stuart Binny (49), Amit Mishra (39) and Naman Ojha (35).  For Sri Lanka, Dhammika Prasad (4/69) and Nuwan Pradeep ( 
 degeneration.  Thus, the GARP2 KO model may represent a good model for the study of later onset retinal degeneration.  Rohit Sharma Hits a Record 264 in ODI Cricket  By Dhanu Delphi on November 14, 2014  Rohit Sharma has beaten the previous record that was 
 of later onset retinal degeneration.  Rohit Sharma Hits a Record 264 in ODI Cricket  By Dhanu Delphi on November 14, 2014  Rohit Sharma has beaten the previous record that was set for One-Day International cricket matches by hitting an astounding 264 off 
 with us, said a WR ...  Youngster Shreyas Iyer slammed his third ton of the season, a strokeful 137, while senior batsman Rohit Sharma hit an unbeaten 110 as Mumbai made an imposing 407 for four on day one of their Group B Ranji Trophy match against Uttar 
 into the South Africa team after Morne Morkel was ruled out due to a quad injury and he struck in the fifth over to dismiss Rohit Sharma (21) after Dhoni won the toss and elected to bat first.  Kagiso Rabada (3-54) then had Shikhar Dhawan (7) caught behind, 
 to give loudest cheer to Chennai Super Kings the moment the openers arrived on the  New Delhi, Thursday, April 9 – Rohit Sharma and Corey Anderson partnership helped Mumbai Indians put a total of 168 runs on the scoreboard.  The duo's stand made the 
 overs remaining.  Tim Southee took two wickets after lunch to reduce India to 54 for three before Kohli (105 not out) and Rohit Sharma (31 not out) batted out the remainder of the day's play to take their side through to 166 for three.  Without being 
 of India's historic chases but unfortunately his 13-ball short journey came to an end against a fired-up Johnson.  Soon Rohit Sharma followed suit after threatening to repeat his quarter-final heroics.  With every wicket the TV room was getting 
 sentiments at a time when it is desperately trying to counter the BNP-led transport blockade and strikes.  But, Rohit Sharma was out by all means and Rubel Hossain's ball was surely not above the waist!  It's anybody's guess as to what would have 
 caught-and-bowled chance.  Opening bowler Tinashe Panyangara rocked the Indians by capturing the wickets of openers Rohit Sharma (16) and Shikhar Dhawan (4) in the same over.  Ajinkya Rahane (19) played some handsome drives before he was run out 
 League (IPL), and off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin are the two spinners.  Dhawan, Vijay, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma are specialist batsmen while Karthik will be a back-up keeper for Mahendra Singh Dhoni.  But Karthik's ability to bat at 
 robot manuals before the race.  Uploaded 2 месяца назад Duration: (10:53) Views: (412 850 просмотров) Rating: :  (3:33) Rohit sharma 209 runs off 158 balls Aggressive Batting vs Australia Highlights Rohit sharma 209 runs off 158 balls Aggressive 
 : (412 850 просмотров) Rating: :  (3:33) Rohit sharma 209 runs off 158 balls Aggressive Batting vs Australia Highlights Rohit sharma 209 runs off 158 balls Aggressive Batting vs Australia Highlights  2 Double centuries( 209) and (264) The best class 
 have failed to stay with him to build big partnerships.  India started after lunch on 119-4 and Prasad, having dismissed Rohit Sharma in the last ball before the break, struck in his first ball of the session trapping Stuart Binny lbw for a golden duck.  
 Jun 2013 Child sex Clipe & movis 1.  It is criminal Offence to record,display or view or transmit u/s 354 I.P.C. + Advocate Rohit Sharma . = kindly do click like to o.k. response reply....  for child sexual and rape aatemped  Criminal  26 Jun 2013 dear Sir my 
 * ––––––––––––– Which have buried dreams They then become Dhawan  Arma which turned out to be running She set out Rohit Sharma yaro  Anushka with eye michauli Were playing lousy Kohli  Have a glimpse today everyone naina How were you playing.  Raina  
 itself 132 runs to the good with seven wickets standing and its last established pair, in the shape of Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma , holding court.  A day-four finish looms large.  Despite not being at its best, India blew away the Sri Lankan cream 
 for Swell, is a TechCrunch columnist, and an investor.  He blogs at Haywire, and you can follow him on Twitter at @semil.  Rohit Sharma from True Ventures lik...  September 30, 2013 no comments  A big regulatory victory for Airbnb today: the company has 
 a similar problem?  How it was solved?  Right on our site, in a special form, you can vote for any of the options.  Rohit Sharma makes first ODI 250  India Today Nov 13, 2014 print  Rohit Sharma again entered record books on Thursday by slamming his 
 , in a special form, you can vote for any of the options.  Rohit Sharma makes first ODI 250  India Today Nov 13, 2014 print  Rohit Sharma again entered record books on Thursday by slamming his second one-day double hundred off 151 balls and this time 
 Koerner of the Evidence Based Practice Institute our team of one visual designer (Heidi Connor), two programmers ( Rohit Sharma & Mike Lipp), and myself used a process of continuous iteration with stakeholders to design several analytics 
 stand with Man-of-the-Match Hardik Pandya who smashed 61 not out from 31 balls, with eight fours and two sixes.  Captain Rohit Sharma chimed in with 30 from 21 balls.  Pollard's Trinidad and West Indies counterpart, opener Lendl Simmons, managed just 14 
 Sourav Ganguly faced when he made a comeback into the Indian team in 2006: their age against them.  Any investment in a Rohit Sharma or a Shikhar Dhawan at present is going to reap dividends over a longer period of time than what would be derived out of 
 : First Uttaranchal Science Congress [Dehradun, India : 10 November 2006 - 11 November 2006], pp.-..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma (2006).  Effects of input variations in interconnection trees.  Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference 
 on Circuits, Signals, and Systems [4th : San Francisco, USA : 20-22 November 2006], pp.160-164..  Google Citation  Rohit Sharma , Kumar K., Vig S.  (2006).  DTMF based remote control system . Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on 
 technique, the temperament and knows the conditions very well.  A player of his caliber stakes more claim for a spot than Rohit Sharma .  Rohit Sharma has been with the Indian team for six years and 88 ODIs.  He is still a 'potential' and 'very talented' 
 temperament and knows the conditions very well.  A player of his caliber stakes more claim for a spot than Rohit Sharma.  Rohit Sharma has been with the Indian team for six years and 88 ODIs.  He is still a 'potential' and 'very talented' because he has a lot 
 .  But then he is the IPL star, an advertising delight, why would anyone in his right mind want to leave him out?  A look at Rohit Sharma's figures will tell you how lucky he has been.  Overall, he averages a mediocre 30, but take West Indies out of the equation 
 and Sachin Tendulkar are playing in form and team will not take any chances for accumulating points.  Dinesh Karthik and Rohit Sharma are performing brilliantly as well along with Kieron Pollard.  On the bowling front fast bowlers Lasith Malinga and 
 the flashy drives through covers and he is leaving the ball well.  In Mirpur on Sunday, Dhawan was happy to observe Rohit Sharma do bulk of the scoring as the aggressive southpaw managed 8 off the 15 balls he faced.  Once Rohit got out, Dhawan switched 
 gaming portals is betting big on game related advertising, as it contributes a major part of its income.  Says Zapak COO Rohit Sharma , Game related advertising is definitely growing in India.  It did not exist till a year back.  Today, it contributes 35% 
 to be dismissed for India as he was trapped leg before from the bowling of Dhammika Prasad after scoring seven runs while Rohit Sharma was also dismissed in the similar fashion of the Sri Lankan skipper's bowling.  Do you think the PTI is justified in 
 .  For India, Varun Aaron took two wickets.  Chasing a victory target of 304, India suffered a triple blow, as Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane departed without reaching double digit scores.  Virat Kohli fought bravely, but 
 of Padmashri Balkrishna B.  Borkar (Bakibab Borkar), Renowned Poet and Writer of Goa (Released on 30/11/2010)  Rohit Sharma's marathon 150-run knock went in vain as South Africa balanced their temperament till the last moment to pull off a 
 Playing It My Way, this was the week for players on field and one which gathered the interest of Twitter users was – Rohit Sharma .  Rohit Sharma's performance at the five series one-day internationals between India and Sri Lanka fetched him 
 It My Way, this was the week for players on field and one which gathered the interest of Twitter users was – Rohit Sharma.  Rohit Sharma's performance at the five series one-day internationals between India and Sri Lanka fetched him enormous praise as he 
 I assure you that it will feature in 'Trending in India' and will not disappoint the fans!  Barring Happy New Year's and Rohit Sharma's record, this week was something that I would like to call boring.  Hoping to find something other than crime, cricket and 
 have been able to pull off an emphatic win at Nagpur.  A solid opening partnership between Shikhar Dhawan with 100 and Rohit Sharma with 79 had formulated the base.  When Virat Kohli appeared on the stage, the match was quiet open.  His magical knock full 
 109, Ali made the ball turn corners as he finished with figures 5-35, shooting India out for 71.  His victims included Rohit Sharma , Cheteshwar Pujara and Ravindar Jadeja – all of whom have made their mark for India in international cricket.  Two years 
 you want to watch a batsman who can look elegant even when he hits powerful towering sixes, then you should watch more of Rohit Sharma , the current captain of the Mumbai Indians and in the past 6 seasons he has hit a total of 110 sixes, which makes him the 
 accountable and also to persuade Indian farmers to do responsible farming and adopt good Shikhar Dhawan (11) and Rohit Sharma (22), the Indian batting lost the plot post some fine bowling and had Tommy John surgery last March, went to the Indians 
 bowlers to overhaul the challenging 200-run target.  The Indian batsmen had done well in the first T20 as a century from Rohit Sharma and a quickfire knock from Virat Kohli enabled the hosts to post the big total in 20 overs.  But despite employing three 
 solution to revive cricketing relationship between Pakistan and India.  KANPUR: A brilliant 150 off 133 balls from Rohit Sharma was in vain as South Africa defeated India by five runs in the first one-day international in Kanpur on Sunday.  Monsson 
 remaining ODIs against Sri Lanka, the selectors have rested opener Shikhar Dhawan and all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja.  Rohit Sharma , Robin Uthappa, Karn Sharma, Vinay Kumar and Kedhar Jadhav are among those who have been chosen for the two matches, 
 end the Norwegian  Mumbai, who topped Group B Ranji Trophy league without the services of India stars Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma for the major portion, would be without the duo once again for the first two Group A games of the Hazare Trophy One-Day 
 of Pseudomonas Species in Refrigerated Raw Milk, Faculty of Sciences Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium, pp.460-470  Rohit Sharma , Bhagwan S.  Sanodiya, Gulab S.  Thakur, Pallavi Jaiswal, Sangeeta Pal, Anjana Sharma and Prakash S.  Bisen.  (2013).  
 and romantic evenings.....but it seems we are realising the power of this symbolic gesture for peace...  Comment by Rohit Sharma on March 13, 2009 at 11:55am  Namaste to all the SOULS, Indeed a great share of knowledge from Liana ji, adding to the same i 
 so that we can provide the necessary platforms and building blocks for growth to support the nation's goals, said Mr. Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer of INTI International Universities & Colleges.  The landmark study by INTI, which focused on 
 making runs in the first 10 overs.  This can be understood from the figures that in the first two overs, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma managed to get just 1 run.  The bowling attack of Bangladesh made it apparent that they are not going to play like an 
 as several batsmen miscued big shots in a bid to keep up with the run-rate.  India were eventually bowled out for 135, with Rohit Sharma (79 not out) and tailender Harbhajan Singh (13) the only batsmen to reach double figures.  Australia's victory 
 score ever in World Cup history with 237.  This score is also the second best in one-day international history behind Rohit Sharma's 264.  Josh Hancott – Powerlifting – Canada The 21-year-old smashed four world records in his weight class (163 pounds) 
 ).  In reply, India got off to a bad start, losing opener Lokesh Rahul (7) in the third over of their innings.  No.3 batsman Rohit Sharma (9) too didn't last long.  Two quick wickets within the first 10 overs gave the hosts something to cheer after a poor 
 HAMP genes).  These mutations are inherited as an autosomal recessive trait.  Ceat inks 3 year bat endorsement deal with rohit sharma , Recently, ceat had announced its tie-up with suresh raina for the bat association. earlier this year, it also 
 contracted players for year 2015-16, while batsman ajinkya rahane was rewarded for his recent performance with.  Rohit sharma to flash ceat on his bat for the next three years - Ceat had announced its tie up with suresh raina for a bat association 
 have been another record.  De Villiers hit sixteen sixes , equalling the world record held by explosive Indian batsman Rohit Sharma . De Villiers' strike rate was 339 , meaning pro rata he would have scored 339 if he had faced one hundred deliveries.  This 
 of what is really important went with it.  Australia's David Warner has been fined after an ugly spat with India's Rohit Sharma http://t.co/84eHp0KLzt #AUSvIND https://t.co/aV4YhtkbkP  – Sport News NZ (@NZStuffSport) January 18, 2015  
 after scoring 318 runs in the series, including 103 and a match-winning 109 in the decider.  There were also gains for Rohit Sharma (up three places to 12th) and career-high gains for Ajinkya Rahane (up 11 to 27th) and Farhaan Behardien (up 12 to 76th).  
 more polished outfit.  KL Rahul is the least experienced batsman in the top order, but he already has a ton in Australia.  Rohit Sharma is an unproven Test no. 3, but he has sent Sri Lanka bowlers into therapy in other formats.  Between Virat Kohli, Shikhar 
 to help drive a culture shift in public libraries and be purposeful in gathering, analyzing and using data.  1st T20I: Rohit Sharma's ton in vain as SA power to 7-wicket win over India  JP Duminy and AB de Villiers struck fluent half centuries as South 
 India by seven wickets in the first Twenty20 International at the HPCA Stadium in Dharmasala on Friday  Dharamsala: Rohit Sharma's blistering century went in vain as South Africa began their long tour of India on a winning note by scripting a thrilling 
 on a specific topic and/or a country/region.  Paper from PBI of 2009 batch has been awarded certificate of merit Rohit Sharma , Yash Nemani, Sumit Kumar, Lalit Kane, Pritee Khanna, Recognition of Single Handed Sign Language Gestures using 
 /suggestion to make this programme effective  Paper from PBI of 2009 batch has been awarded certificate of merit Rohit Sharma , Yash Nemani, Sumit Kumar, Lalit Kane, Pritee Khanna, Recognition of Single Handed Sign Language Gestures using 
 arrived Down Under with hopes [...]  11/02/2015 / Comments Off on Zimbabwe upset Sri Lanka / Read More  AUSTRALIA: Opener Rohit Sharma smashed 150 in India's 153-run romp against Afghanistan in their final World Cup warm-up match yesterday, helping the 
 Kiosk idea first came up, I hope that the current government takes steps to implement it.  In his excellent take on why Rohit Sharma 's 264 is bad for cricket , Niranjan Rajadhyaksha writes about the Baumol's Cost Disease . This phenomenon, which was 
 , stacked in mourning since before during the conduct of modern cricket tri-series match in Melbourne on Sunday Rohit Sharma execution of Warner.  That conflicts can break out into overt violence in the field of aggression upcoming World Cup, 
 Vehicle  80.  Who set-up a new record with the fastest century in ODIs, Off just 31 balls? a.  Sanath Jayasuriya b.  Rohit Sharma c.  Corey Anderson d.  AB de Villiers  81.  Who won first title in doubles of Sydney international tennis tournament 2015? a 
 .  He eventually fell off the last ball of the innings, having equalled the record of 16 sixes in an ODI innings shared by Rohit Sharma and AB de Villiers.  Chris is an outstanding player, said West Indies captain Jason Holder.  It's great to have him 
 , now prevalent mostly in Uttar Pradesh, Bengal, Rajasthan and Gujarat.  V V S Laxman : Member of Indian cricket team  Rohit Sharma : Member of Indian cricket team  K.  Balagopal – Human Rights Activist,Mathematician,Advocate.  Varavara Rao : Human 
 David Warner was fined by the International Cricket Council (ICC) over speak in English spat with Indian counterpart Rohit Sharma .  Incident: David Warner had demanded Sharma speak English instead of his native Hindi during India- Australia's 
 tri-series ODI match held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG).  The incident was sparked after India batsman Rohit Sharma ran a contentious single off an overthrow the Australians believed came after Warner's return deflected off Sharma.  
 become a fad today and there are too many entrepreneurs, creating the first and necessary condition for a bubble, said Rohit Sharma , founder of Perchingtree Solutions, a Calgary-based consulting firm.  In years past, many of these unicorns would 
 of the contest will take place in February and March.  The entire generation seems getting changed as Ishant Sharma, Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Robin Uthappa, Shikhar Dhawan, Ambati Rayudu, Manoj Tiwary, Manish Pandey, Kedar Jadhav, 
 Mignolet.  Our bowlers are really doing the job for us,Nike Zoom HyperRev 2015, So it proved as Shikhar Dhawan (100) and Rohit Sharma (64) helped India to a comfortable eight-wicket victory.  Wednesday's sale at Christie's saw another nude,Nike Air 
 Sikh Sangat under the aegis of Hockey Jammu and Kashmir at K K Hakhu Stadium, here.  Sanjay (sixth), Digvijay (26th), Rohit Sharma (28th), Vishal Verma (35th) and Shelav Sharma (50th and 59th) were the scorers.  Meanwhile, in another scheduled match 
 pushed at an outswinger and edged to slip.  He had left so many similar deliveries previously.  India were 136 for 4 and Rohit Sharma started shakily, defending tentatively and seasoning the inside edge of his bat.  Published by Midland Red West 
 Mr. Vo Phung - Director of Hoi An Culture-Sports central, from on 12/05 ... [Read more...]  Kolkata : Twin centuries from Rohit Sharma (177) and Ravichandran Ashwin (124) took India to 453 all out in the first innings at lunch on the third day of the first 
 for the film, Sushant Singh Rajput also expressed desire to show Raina a few shots he has learned  We felt that if he ( Rohit Sharma ) gets going he can take one session away from the opposition.  That could be the difference in our winning Test matches, 
 .  A cricket game full of records, the third highest score ever by a batsman and the most sixes by a batsman in an innings, Rohit Sharma , the fastest century by an Australian in a limited overs game, James Faulkiner.  It was a thrilling game but certainly I 
 made 23 off 12 balls towards the end, but their efforts fell far short of the required run rate today.  Simmons and skipper Rohit Sharma (19) added 23 for the second wicket before the former left in the 14th over. he faced 51 balls for his 65 which included 
 as well as Kieron Pollard (1) in the space of two overs to reduce the visitors to 86 for three at the end of 12 overs.  Skipper Rohit Sharma (18) and Rayudu helped to stabilise the innings, adding 39 for the fourth wicket before the former well off the first 
 the strain, they are embracing the problem.  Of course, it really is one thing which we're searching at, said batsman Rohit Sharma , who produced 56 not out in the drawn practice game.  I assume we ought to be really significantly content with the way 
 or much less a stressing behavior around the past calendar year and have extended struggled versus a shifting ball.  Rohit Sharma explained Australia's deficiencies against swing bowling is the No.1 weakness India have pinpointed forward of the 
 when Cook took a simple catch in 7.4 overs.  But situation changed thanks to the impressive innings of the opener Rohit Sharma (52 runs of 87 balls; 4 x 4, 6 x 1) and Ajinkya Rahane (41 runs of 47 balls; along with four boundaries) who lent a hand in 
 game, dismissing Shikhar Dhawan with his first ball of the second over.  Malinga then added to the damage by sending back Rohit Sharma .  Things got better for India after that though, as Raina and Yuvraj Singh came together and resurrected the innings 
 about the brilliant run-out in the last game at Cuttack where he came up with an accurate throw to get rid of a dangerous Rohit Sharma , Miller said,I picked up the ball, and wanted to hit the stumps and it just happened.  I have been practicing it and that 
 Power Engineering Society General Meeting by IEEE at San Diego / 1-8 / 2012  Prerna Jain, Arjit Agarwal, Nitin Gupta, Rohit Sharma , Umesh Paliwal, Rohit Bhakar ,Profit Maximization of a Generation Company Based on Biogeography Based 
 in Hyderabad.  This was jointly announced by Mukesh Khanna and Shravan Kumar, Chairman and Managing 4 overs ( Rohit Sharma 78, Yuzvendra Chahal 42; Mukesh Kumar 4 for 53).  Indians team -- IPL franchise owned by RIL's chairman Mukesh Ambani.  At 
 but Raina is certainly going through a lean patch which has increased the pressure on the other batsmen.  While Rohit Sharma is in the form of his life in the shorter versions with more success than failures in recent times, the same can't be said 
 cricketer was named as one of the five cricketers of 2014 for his performance in 2013 by WISDEN? 1) Virat Kohli 2) Dhoni 3) Rohit Sharma 4) Ravichandran Ashwin 5) Shikhar Dhawan  40.  TROPEX drill recently conducted by.... 1) Indian Army 2) CRPF 3) BSF 4) US 
 , which starts early next month, in opposition to the guest!  It is quite interesting to notice who among Ambati Rayudu, Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh are given the optimal chance to 
 but challenging industry from a 35-year veteran, Anni Minuzzo.  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy match for their 
 some early aggression, but as soon as he was out, Australia had the upper hand.  Reliable run scorers Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane all failed to rein the required run-rate in and Australia chipped away with regular dismissals.  Two 
 for 3 runs versus New Zealand a world record and breaking the backbone of India in the final with the wicket of inform Rohit Sharma .  For the record, Herath has taken 54 ODI wickets from 55 matches and 12 T20 wickets from 9 outings.  He has 217 Test wickets 
 cricket tour to South Africa this month after being fired as national captain and...  KOLKATA (TIP): In less than a week, Rohit Sharma has joined most of India's batting elite.  In Bangalore, he said hello to Sachin Tendulkar...  RIO DE JANEIRO (TIP): Clay 
 as she is a private person in real life.  Sania doesn't want to share the details of her life  India's opening batsman Rohit Sharma smashed a brilliant 264 from 173 balls to register the highest score in the history of ODI cricket.  In the process, he 
 match.  India wants some support from other batsmen like Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina who were failed in this tour.  Rohit Sharma single handedly tried to give memorable win in first match but he failed at last step.  In second Match dhoni scored 
 over from Starc first up.  India's openers are making their way out onto the field, with the hyped-up Australians in tow.  Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan will take first bat against Australia.  World Cup Semi Final - Australia v India - Great atmosphere 
 happen when the seven regulars including skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , Test captain Virat Kohli , Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma make a comeback.  You can't play international cricket with so much of baggage and fear factor.  I can't go to the batting 
 ( ZIP ).  You can see the online docs .  Rohit, Bhuvneshwar, Binny released for Ranji Trophy  Mohali: Top order batsman Rohit Sharma , medium pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar and all-rounder Stuart Binny were on Thursday released from the Indian cricket team, 
 14 to 18.  The first Test is being played from November 5 to 9.  The next round of Ranji Trophy starts on November 7.   Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny have been released from the Indian Test team, which is playing the first Test 
 is 5th cricketer to score double century in ODI's.  Others are Indian cricketers Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag and Rohit Sharma (scored two double centuries) and West Indies Chris Gayle.  Student life in the Fraternity is but a period of 
 students were judged by representatives of Google as well as Unity 3D, the platform they used to create the apps, said Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer, INTI International University & Colleges.  The panel of judges was impressed with the 
 authority? 1) RBI 2) FMC 3) IBA 4) SEBI 5) IRDA  26.  Who made the highest individual score in cricket world cup history? 1) Rohit Sharma 2) Martin Guptill 3) Chris Gayle 4) Virender Sehwag 5) Sachin Tendulkar  28.  Santiago is the capital of which of the 
 has taken part in other civic activities such as the regional science fair and the Portales Arts Council.  (from left) Rohit Sharma ; Datuk Mary Yap; Professor Dato' Dr. Rahmah Mohamed, Vice Chancellor, INTI International University; and Tan Sri 
 international and local - benefit from is absolutely crucial to prepare them to be great future global citizens, said Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer, INTI International University & Colleges.  INTI provides education with a strong emphasis 
 Pathan.  Having been eliminated last time, Mumbai made some changes to its squad though they retained players like Rohit Sharma , Lasith Malinga, Harbhajan Singh, Ambati Rayudu and Keiron Pollard.  Parthiv Patel, Unmukt Chand and R.  Vinay Kumar 
 bowling attack looks good with Malinga, Hazlewood, Pragyan Ojha, Harbhajan and Anderson.  Players to watch out for: Rohit Sharma , Corey Anderson.  Engulfed with controversy, the team will be eager to let their skills do the talking this time around; 
 surviving.  Antoinette's StoryJulie's StoryElaine's StoryConnie's ... [Read more...]  Datin Mohana Mohariff and Rohit Sharma at the signing ceremony.  The MoU was signed by Datin Mohana Mohariff, Vice President of BPO Services, VADS and Rohit 
 Sharma at the signing ceremony.  The MoU was signed by Datin Mohana Mohariff, Vice President of BPO Services, VADS and Rohit Sharma , Chief Operating Officer of INTI.  The MoU formalises a strategic partnership between VADS and INTI to extend formal 
 from VADS enrolling into the VADS-INTI Continuing Education Programme (standing) with Datin Mohana Mohariff and Rohit Sharma .  In addition to the above, as part of the partnership, VADS will act as one of INTI's industry advisors and will 
 he will be inducted into the World Cup squad.  Ishant is likely to return home, a top BCCI source told PTI on Saturday.   Rohit Sharma (hamstring), Bhuvneshwar Kumar (ankle) and Ravindra Jadeja (shoulder) have passed the fitness test.  However to 
 .  India have picked a second string squad for the short tour with regular skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma among others being rested ahead of the long England tour.  Bangladesh won the toss and elected to bat first, runs in front 
 , Dhammika Prasad, Rangana Herath, Tharinda Kaushal, Dushmantha Chameera India: Murali Vijay, Lokesh Rahul, Rohit Sharma , Virat Kohli (capt), Ajinkya Rahane, Wriddhiman Saha, Stuart Binny, Ravichandran  A few days ago the following errors 
 has also been flown to Visakhapatnam to assist in the medical care of the victims.  Riding on a brilliant unbeaten 73 from Rohit Sharma , Mumbai Indians clinched a five-wicket win over Deccan Chargers in a last-ball finish in the Indian Premier League ( 
 Royals.  Daniel Christian c Pollard b Patel 39  Results: Mumbai Indians won by five wickets  Player of the match: Rohit Sharma (Mumbai Indians)  Defending champions Chennai Super Kings defeated Deccan Chargers by 74 runs in their second match of 
 his first half-century of the tournament  Spinner Ravichandran Ashwin took 2-38 from his 10 overs  Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma added 174 for the opening stand  Virat Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane added an unbroken 70 for the third wicket to seal the win  
 and ------- ------- attended all India Inter University ------youth camp at Pune Maharashtra  One NSS Volunteers Rohit Sharma attended RD Camp at New Delhi and R.  D Parade --- at Choudhary Charan Singh University Merrut (U.  P)  One NSS Mega Camp at 
 low full toss on leg stump that Ambati Rayudu swung at and missed, getting bowled in the process.  Along with Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma also fell run out.  A good length ball by Morkel outside off was hit by Rohit with soft hands to cover.  He set off for a single 
 bowlers to overhaul the challenging 200-run target.  The Indian batsmen had done well in the first T20 as a century from Rohit Sharma and a quickfire knock from Virat Kohli enabled the hosts to post the big total in 20 overs.  But despite employing three 
 .  On the batting front, India will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma in contention for the top order slots.  Given his form in the ODIs Rohit may expect to be called up for the first Test ahead 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  Many games are played in 
 , Nadine Tabing, Yu Xin  FEEDINGS & POOPS Tracking the inputs and outputs of small humans Trevor Johnson, Tristan Plank, Rohit Sharma  COFFEE TIME Your coffee always wakes up before you Mark Ribera  THRIVE Encouraging Christians to grow their 
 , Nadine Tabing, Yu Xin  FEEDINGS & POOPS Tracking the inputs and outputs of small humans Trevor Johnson, Tristan Plank, Rohit Sharma  COFFEE TIME Your coffee always wakes up before you Mark Ribera  THRIVE Encouraging Christians to grow their 
 .  Published on Friday 11th December 2015  India Test captain Virat Kohli on Thursday became the second cricketer after Rohit Sharma to join the Pro Wrestling League (PWL) after he was named as the co-owner of the Bengaluru Yodhas team.  Kohli's 
 League (PWL) after he was named as the co-owner of the Bengaluru Yodhas team.  Kohli's Bengaluru Yodhas will face Rohit Sharma's UP Warriors in their opening fixture on Friday.  Virat Kohli is the second cricketer after Rohit Sharma to own a team in 
 will face Rohit Sharma's UP Warriors in their opening fixture on Friday.  Virat Kohli is the second cricketer after Rohit Sharma to own a team in the Pro Wrestling League (PWL) bandwagon.  I was thrilled on hearing about the Pro Wrestling League and 
 going to test the Indians.  The openers had provided a promising beginning.  By the time Shikhar Dhawan exited, he and Rohit Sharma had put on 57.  The left-hander had once again started off in free-spirited fashion, stroking three sweetly-timed 
 .  The Government has also approved the conferment of Arjuna Awards 2015 on 17 sportspersons, including cricketer Rohit Sharma , badminton ace Kidambi Srikanth Nammalwar, archer Sandeep Kumar, hockey star P.  R.  Sreejesh and athlete M.  R.  
 Measurement Techniques for High-Speed Interconnects (Springerbriefs in Electrical and Computer Engineering) by Rohit Sharma : Compact Models and.  Chapter 2 Compact Modeling of High-Speed Interconnects . this book.  Electrical and Computer 
 runs.  In respond to their target, India made a gigantic total of 495, which comprised tons by both Cheteshwar Pujara & Rohit Sharma and 74 runs of Little Master.  The guest team was unsuccessful in chasing the total and shattered on a sum of 187 runs.  
  His performance at Eden Gardens in Kolkata and at Wankhede, Mumbai will be remembered by millions of people.  Apart from Rohit Sharma , Shami left no stone unturned to make his debut memorable.  Even his partnership with Sharma played vast role in Rohit's 
 while walking off for the last time from the ground.  Indian players gave him guard of honor, making him more emotional.  Rohit Sharma was awarded as 'Man of the Series', whereas Pragyan Ojha received Man of the match award.  Beside, Sachin was also 
 that's the drinks break.  Chris Rogers says he started to weigh up retirement after being hit in the head at short leg by Rohit Sharma :  I started to contemplate retirement then.  I thought, being hit in the head, I'd been hit by Stuart Broad in the head the 
 to play their best cricket if they are to come back in the three-match one-day series against Bangladesh, said batsman Rohit Sharma yesterday ahead of the second match today.  India trail Bangladesh 0-1 in the series after they lost the first one day 
 exhibition or to hear the reading, but you must register for workshop participation.  Kolkata: Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma today urged his teammates to put up one last effort against Chennai Super Kings in the finals, saying all their hard work 
 Super Kings in the finals, saying all their hard work would go [...]  New Delhi: Star batsman and Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma is the latest Indian cricketer to get hitched as he got engaged to his longtime friend Ritika Sajdeh.  The 28-year-old [ 
 to get hitched as he got engaged to his longtime friend Ritika Sajdeh.  The 28-year-old [...]  Mumbai: Indian batsman Rohit Sharma today expressed delight about the BCCI's decision to recommend his name for the government's prestigious Arjuna 
 said that he felt honoured.  Kushi to [...]  Mumbai: Chennai Super Kings pace spearhead Ashish Nehra said dismissing Rohit Sharma , when the Mumbai Indians' skipper was poised for a late assault, proved to be crucial in his side's [...]  Kolkata: The 
 of Kolkata Knight Riders made all the difference as Mumbai Indians struggled to get breakthroughs, skipper Rohit Sharma said after their seven-wicket loss in the [...]  Kolkata: Defending Champions Kolkata Knight Riders beat Mumbai 
 ]  Kolkata: Kolkata Knight Riders may have the home advantage going into tomorrow's game, but Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma today said his team feels equally at home, having won their [...]  Mumbai: Star India batsman Rohit Sharma today said 
 skipper Rohit Sharma today said his team feels equally at home, having won their [...]  Mumbai: Star India batsman Rohit Sharma today said while the national cricket team members are disappointed at not being able to retain the World Cup, a new 
 out caught behind on a rash dash off Umesh Yadav.  Imrul Kayes was run out the following ball on a horrible mixup.  Earlier, Rohit Sharma's century, Suresh Raina's fifty and with a couple of decisions going their way, India made 302 against Bangladesh in the 
 and with a couple of decisions going their way, India made 302 against Bangladesh in the World Cup quarterfinal today.  Rohit Sharma's ton came at what Bangladeshi fans would call the goodwill of umpire Ian Gould for what he thought that Rubel Hossain had 
 of 100, leaving India just 56 runs away from the lead.  Dhammika Prasad trapped Lokesh Rahul leg-before for seven and Rohit Sharma fell in similar fashion to Angelo Mathews for nine, but Dhawan and Kohli stepped in to deny Sri Lanka further success.  
 , night sweats and overall generalized fatigue.  With this majestic win in the royal city of Jaipur, the triumvirate of Rohit Sharma (141 not out), Virat Kohli (100 not out) and Shikhar Dhawan (95) made a determined statement that the future of Indian 
 it.  The mark for the most sixes in a one-day international innings sits at 16, which de Villiers now shares with India's Rohit Sharma , who set the record during his famous 264 against Sri Lanka last year.  The Proteas openers both hit classy hundreds – in 
 next two years to achieve growth from its India operations.  The German sports and apparel major has roped in cricketer Rohit Sharma to endorse its range of products.  Apart from these big tournaments, the company had also roped in cricketer Virat Kohli 
 one worn for the World Cup in 2011.  Ajinkya Rahane, Yuvraj Singh, Virat Kohli, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virendra Sehwag, Rohit Sharma and Irrfan Pathan had unveiled the new jersey.  Once I wear the national jersey, I know that I have to give my best.  Having 
 University & Colleges' recent efforts in spreading harmony and unity.  (From third left) Anas, Kurup and Rohit Sharma with students from INTI International University & Colleges posing for photo  The #SaySomethingNice campaign is an 
 for their good work that has brought a positive impact to the society.  Anas Zubedy (left) being congratulated by Rohit Sharma during the launching ceremony  After learning about the hardship experienced by the homeless in Petaling Street, 
 spoke a lot about competing on this tour.  We knew no matter whatever is thrown at us, we needed to have a counter punch.  He ( Rohit Sharma ) played an exceptional innings but the way we came in last four overs was good for us.  At one stage, we were looking at 
 , scary bowling attack to pin the opposition down.  But he worked with what he had and was a master at grooming talent.  Rohit Sharma's inclusion in the squad for the 2015 World Cup is, in no small measure, thanks to the fact that Dhoni promoted him to the 
 the opposition.  Now let us evaluate reactions by the Indian players.  Johnson was fired up at different time intervals.  Rohit Sharma and Ishant Sharma must be ruing their actions for Mitchell Johnson, who knocked India out by playing a knock of 88 runs in 
 Rs 42k more – On December 3, Prabhakar Pawar (54) who was unwell received a phone call from a man who identified himself as Rohit Sharma , manager from SBI ... When my father told me about Sharma's call, I rushed to an ATM kiosk  Gameday Spirit recently 
 Warriors next take on Kolkata Knight Riders in Kolkata, Sunday while Mumbai Indians host Chennai Super Kings, Sunday.  Rohit Sharma run out (Smith/Uthappa) 3  Thisara Perera run out (Smith) 0  Chapter 10 holtzclaw answer key  Concept 4.3 A small number of 
 done their bit to prove a number of detractors wrong.  Standing out in that list has been three men – Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma and Ravindra Jadeja.  Ever since he scored that blistering debut Test hundred against Australia at Mohali, earlier 
 setting up the score in the first match and chasing down a tricky target in the second game.  I admit that I am not a big fan of Rohit Sharma , purely because I feel that he is such a waste of talent.  His lazy elegance that has been heralded by pundits on many 
 the ball coming onto his bat, opening might just be the ideal place for him.  Is this going to be a new lease of life for Rohit Sharma ?  Only time can answer that question.  Ravindra Jadeja, much like Rohit has been one of MS Dhoni's stubborn and 
 purchases was the fact that they retained their core and most important players: Lasith Malinga, Harbhajan Singh, Rohit Sharma , Ambati Rayudu and Keiron Pollard.  And during the auction, the team made some smart choices, adding more value to the 
 mix of local talent and experienced international players.  While the batting looks quite solid with the likes of Rohit Sharma , Ambati Rayudu and Mike Hussey in the mix, the local players are no less talented, with the likes of Aditya Tare and 
 Africa.  Both the teams have the quality players.  India has a good batting line up with Shikhar Dhawan,Virat kohli, Rohit Sharma ,Raina,Dhoni, rahane and Shami also did well in the last match with five wicket hall.  On other side the South Africa have 
 Gurkeerat timesofindia.indiatimes.com  Mumbai: Table toppers Mumbai, beefed up by the availability of key batsman Rohit Sharma , take on fourth-placed Uttar Pradesh in a Group B Ranji Trophy game at the released from the Indian first Test squad to 
 score to 88.  After that, Miller and Bailey added 46 for the fourth wicket.  Chasing 178 for a win, the hosts lost skipper Rohit Sharma off the second ball of the innings, trapped leg before wicket by Sandeep Sharma without scoring.  Aditya Tare (7) left in 
 allotted 20 overs to which KKR responded with 170 for three in 18.3 overs to triumph with nine balls to spare.  Skipper Rohit Sharma made un unbeaten 98 for Mumbai Indians, inclusive of 12 fours and four sixes, while Corey Anderson remained not out on 55 
 star openers Sachin Tendulkar (1) and Ricky Ponting (4) back in the pavilion with just 10 on the board in three overs.  Rohit Sharma (2) and Kieron Pollard (1) also did not last very long and the visitors were reduced to 31 for four in the 8th over.  The home 
 ODI though it lost two wickets early in the form of Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli.  It was due to the immaculate innings by Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane, Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Suresh Raina that allowed India to set a humongous target for the opponents 
 Cup  Batsmen: This is undoubtedly the most settled unit in the team.  The opening combination has to be sorted out with Rohit Sharma , Ajinkya Rahane and Shikhar Dhawan in the mix.  Suresh Raina and Virat Kohli are the other certainties in the line-up.  
 a part.  It's overcast at the SCG for the final day, which means Lyon is expected to play a key role.  Rahul's wicket brought Rohit Sharma to the crease, joining a well set Murali Vijay (29 not out).  Arthunkal is one of the famous pilgrimage town of Kerala.  St. 
 South African import Richard Levi again gave them a good start smashing 29 off 22 balls -- hitting four fours and a six.  Rohit Sharma , who won the match against Deccan Chargers, scored 21 off just 13 balls before being bowled by Australian veteran Brad 
 and Bhuvneshwar Kumar are struggling with injuries at the moment.  There are also fitness worries with opening batsman Rohit Sharma and all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja.  All 4 will undergo a fitness test on 7 February.  If any of these fails in this fitness 
 only a much better batsman than Jadeja, he can also take wickets at the highest level as he has shown in the past.  If it is Rohit Sharma who fails the fitness test, he will certainly be replaced by Murli Vijay.  Murli is the only batsman who excelled in the 
 .  For press and other communication matters please contact communication.transit@ihs.nl +31 (0)10-4089853  Mr. Rohit Sharma , chief executive officer of INTI, said, We believe that by collaborating with LinkedIn, our students are given the 
 M S Dhoni as skipper last year, Ishant Sharma and Umesh Yadav signed up with Cornerstone, an agency that already had Rohit Sharma , Murali Vijay and Shikhar Dhawan in its stable, apart from the captain.  According to some media reports the company is 
 have got fresh fodder to blame him for the mess India created towards the end of the innings.  Dhoni walked in to join Rohit Sharma in the 40th over when the score read a decent 214/3.  The situation was tailor-made for him to silence his critics.  India 
 .  The sparkling shots off the bats of illustrious batsmen of the likes of Virat Kohli, George Bailey, Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Glenn Maxwell and Shane Watson have lit up the skies under the floodlights at the various venues turning the games to 
 .  On the batting front, India will be spoilt for choices on with Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma in contention for the top order slots.  Given his form in the ODIs Rohit may expect to be called up for the first Test ahead 
 Z, they are connected to the online world since birth.  Thus virtual networks are as influential as real life ones, said Rohit Sharma , Chief Executive Officer of INTI International University & Colleges.  We believe that innovation in education is 
 that won the Champions Trophy just nine days ago.  Chasing 349 to win, India needed to fire from the word 'go', but lost Rohit Sharma in the fifth over to a sharp catch by Angelo Mathews, the Sri Lankan captain, off Nuwan Kulasekara's bowling.  While 
 measure by their top order first and then their fielders.  Australia (target: 214 runs from 50 overs)  Powered by opener Rohit Sharma's blistering 137 off just 126 balls and Suresh Raina's timely 65, defending champions India crushed Bangladesh by 109 
 , MM Sharma, UT Yadav  Bangladesh innings (target: 303 runs from 50 overs)  Imrul Kayes run out (Jadeja/Yadav) 5  Opener Rohit Sharma hammered 137 and Suresh Raina made 65 to help India overcome some early hiccups and post a challenging 302 for six 
 runs.  Ravindra Jadeja also came in for punishment, conceding 71 from his ten overs.  Chasing 288 for a win, lost openers Rohit Sharma (16) and Shikhar Dhawan (4) by the time they had made 21 in the seventh over.  They continued to struggle as they lost 
 Sharma and spinners Ravindra Jadeja and Suresh Raina took one each.  Chasing 260 for a win, the Indian openers Dhawan and Rohit Sharma (64) took the fight out of the Irish team with a 174-run partnership for the first wicket.  Dhawan's 100 -- his second 
 singles and twos.  The Irish skipper drove Raina past sweeper cover for four after a long time, before O'Brien hit Rohit Sharma for two consecutive fours, first towards long-on and then over extra cover.  At the end of 30 overs, Ireland were 142 for 
 man after making 11.  With that, India had got its 50th wicket in five matches.  India began the chase on a confident note as Rohit Sharma sent Mooney to the point boundary in the opening over.  In Mooney's next, Dhawan pulled him to the mid-wicket for another 
 a modest total, the West Indies appeared determined to make a match of it as they snapped up the wickets of Indian openers Rohit Sharma (7) and Shikhar Dhawan (9) with just 20 on the board by the 7th over.  Dhawan was the first to go, edging Taylor to Sammy at 
 with 35 while Khurram Khan (14) and last man A M Guruge (10 not out) were the only others to reach double figures.  Opener Rohit Sharma , unbeaten with 57, inclusive of ten fours and a six, and Virat Kohli, who made 33 not out with the help of five fours, took 
 toss and opted to bat first when a direct hit to the stumps by A B de Villiers, who had dived to stop the ball, found opener Rohit Sharma way out of his crease in the third over.  Sharma had not scored in total of 9.  Virat Kohli (46) joined Dhawan, and the two 
 to ensure we didn't lose wickets slogging.  It worked out well for us with the help of the Duckworth-Lewis (method).   Rohit Sharma's patient, unbeaten 48 at the top of the order when India were put in was vital to holding the innings together on a bright 
 conceding 84 for his one.  The hosts needed a miracle with the bat, but got off to the worst possible start when opener Rohit Sharma was caught on 16 and Kohli went for only seven.  Shikhar Dawan and Ajinkya Rahane put on a spirited show under the 
 your back and give them the silent treatment when you get them out, because you have the last laugh doing it that way.    Rohit Sharma (40) and Lokesh Rahul (31) were unbeaten at stumps.  If possible I would like my donation directed to:  To pay by Cheque - 
 who had batted with determination to set up the game dislodged Ajinkya Rahane's bails and in his next over castled Rohit Sharma to leave India on 14/2.  Bowling a tight line, the pacer had knocked off the middle-stump of both openers.  Ambati Rayudu 
 vs. South Africa T20 Odds; Category: 3rd T20 Test: India (13/14) South Africa (20/19) Top Batsman: AB de Villiers (5/2) Rohit Sharma (3/1) Top bleacherreport.com  Manjrekar: 'Lightning' Jadeja a big plus.  It is often said that Test cricket in India 
 the latter won by 2 wickets and 2 balls remaining, thereby becoming the only ever winner of this series.  In this series, Rohit Sharma also became the only ever Indian to register a T20 century for Mumbai against Gujarat.  The competition was later 
 ( Basic support level )  When connection was droped by Sergey Khairulin ( Basic support level )  ASP implementation by Rohit Sharma ( Basic support level )  Objective: Measure and Compare Pencil Lengths to the Nearest 1/2, 1/4, and 1/8 of an Inch and 
 of life in it.  Kohli, never convincing during his laboured stay, was scalped by Angelo Mathews, before Prasad fired out Rohit Sharma and Stuart Binny either side of lunch with successive deliveries.  At 119 for 5, India was in some trouble, and Prasad was 
 the master blaster Sachin Tendulkar is a strong one.  They have some amazing talents such as Pollard, Harbhajan Singh, Rohit Sharma and Lasith Malinga.  The striking opener Blizzard as well as Ambati Rayudu are much capable to score at amazing rate in 
 outdid Deccan Chargers comfortably as they chased down a platry total of 100 with 11 balls to spare.  Lasith Malinga and Rohit Sharma will yet again be their key players after both showed good form in the last match.  Malinga picked up four wickets in his 
 Super Kings beat Mumbai Indians by 6 Wickets in the IPL cricket tournament.  Blistering half centuries from captain Rohit Sharma and Kieron Pollard enabled Mumbai Indians recover from a shaky start and post 183 for 7 against Chennai Super Kings in 
 in the previous home game against Kings XI Punjab, even ahead of Pollard.  It proved to be a productive move as skipper Rohit Sharma and Harbhajan pushed the score along to 31 at the end of power play overs.  Harbhajan batted aggressively to smack two 
 failed miserably, whereby only Virat Kohli, Ajay Jadeja, Shammi and the skipper has been able to create distinctions.  Rohit Sharma has scored only 141 in 4 matches, while Dhawan could manage only 72 in 3 matches.  Rahane had to remain satisfied only with 
 .  On Thursday, Indian skipper arrived on the field with major changes in the 'playing XI'.  Dropping Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma and Mohammed Shami and bringing Gautam Gambhir, Ashwin and Varun Aaron into the play, the guest was expected to perform 
 , have so far failed in their performance in this tournament.  As of now Dinesh Kartik, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma can be said to be the failures of this tournament as they do not have any worthwhile contribution in the matches which 
 on for long.and the Mumbai Indians were clearly struggling, with seven wickets gone before they had reached a hundred.  Rohit Sharma (12) ran out of partners as the rest of the batsmen succumbed without much of a fight.  Debabrata Das run out (Harbhajan 
  To gorge himself upon the very fabric of life and existence.  He cares for naught but the satiation of his hunger.  Injured Rohit Sharma Unlikely to be Available Before World Cup Warm-Ups  Rohit Sharma suffered from hamstring injury during the opening 
 for naught but the satiation of his hunger.  Injured Rohit Sharma Unlikely to be Available Before World Cup Warm-Ups  Rohit Sharma suffered from hamstring injury during the opening encounter of the tri-series where he scored a splendid 138 against 
 he scored a splendid 138 against Australia.  erth: The Indian team management has decided not to risk injured opener Rohit Sharma for India's do-or-die cricket tri-series game against England on January 30 and also for the finals in case India 
 his outburst last month against a controversial no-ball decision in the World Cup quarter-final match.  India opener Rohit Sharma was caught in the deep and umpire Aleem Dar deemed it was an above waist-height no-ball though replays contradicted his 
 , Bollywood news, Online.  India steady in chase of 329.  India made a nervy start in their chase of Australia's 328 as both Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan had ed.  Its mandatory for all to.  Indian Sex Magazine.  The Biggest & the best Indian Sex Magazine for 
 unbeaten on 131, hit 14 sixes in his whirlwind assault, the third highest number of sixes in an ODI innings.  India's Rohit Sharma hit 16 sixes against Australia two months ago and Australia's Shane Watson hit 15 against Bangladesh in 2011.  New 
 , trying to do with the legs what his bat could not.  His laboured batting was all the more evident seen against centurion Rohit Sharma's effortless strokemaking at the other end during their 55-run stand.  Dhoni used to be great when the ball was pitched up 
 pinged on the helmet first ball in Adelaide; chasing targets; his team-mates Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Sachin Tendulkar, Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane; the things he finds most fascinating about the life of actors – and much more.  The interview will be 
 .  On a brighter note though, things are looking up for the visitors with the influx of youngsters.  Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma have led from the front in the three wins in as many warm-up games leading up to the limited-overs leg of the tour.  But on a 
 Patel, Kevin Pietersen, Ben Stokes, Graeme Swann.  India: MS Dhoni (c/wk), Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma , Vinay Kumar, Varun Aaron, Ravichandran Ashwin, Praveen Kumar, Amit Mishra, Munaf Patel, Parthiv Patel (wk), 
 see-saw contest by three wickets to Sunrisers Hyderabad on Friday.  Dinesh Karthik smashed a 48-ball 86 while Rohit Sharma struck an unbeaten half-century as Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 44 runs in their Indian Premier League 
 historic Eden Gardens on Thursday.  The most important achievement to cherish, however, is the record-breaking 264 by Rohit Sharma who has beaten the world records set by compatriots Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar.  Rohit not only helped India pile up 404 
 and help India wrest the Cup?  That is the question which must be bothering millions of Rohit's fans across the country.  Rohit Sharma , the eternal comeback prodigal of Indian cricket has ensured his place in the World Cup team with the stupendous effort 
 Chopra is a very comfortable producer to work with. zeenews.india.com  Bollywood's invited as Ambanis host Bhajji, Rohit Sharma Shah Rukh Khan attends the party hosted by Nita and Mukesh Ambani to celebrate the upcoming wedding of 
 , Shaping E-ELT Science and instrumentation , Ismanining, 2/2013  Apart from Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan and Ravichandran Ashwin have also been rested after India's disappointing tour of Bangladesh where 
 as well as Bowling line up in the squad.  Here are some in and out list of the players for this season.  Mumbai Indians: Rohit Sharma the captain of Mumbai Indians has led very well after Sachin and Ponting.  They were the champions for the IPL season 6 in 
 hit 5th test hundred and scored 113 runs from 167 balls, consistently showing nice performances in test cricket.  Rohit Sharma once again proved his selection in test team worth.  He got his 2nd test hundred from 117 balls by hitting a straight six.  
 his captain Brendan McCullum as a future great and he will be New Zealand's main player in the 2015 World Cup.  This will be Rohit Sharma's first World Cup despite making his debut ahead of Virat Kohli.  Only 4 players- Dhoni, Raina, Kohli and Ashwin- have been 
 the thread Mathematica 6 bug.  Fails to find number of CPUs - a cure!! .  Koetke (2nd from left) poses with (from left) Khoo; Rohit Sharma , INTI's Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Michael Yap, INTI International College Penang's Chief Executive; and Chef Lee 
 Inter-State tournament, and finished runners-up in the Under-19 Cooch Behar Trophy.  The achievers of 2012-13 apart, Rohit Sharma got the Dilip Sardesai Award, for being India's best cricketer in the recent Test series against the West Indies.  He 
 fast bowler Mohit Sharma and right-arm medium pacer Dhawal Kulkarni have been included in the side.  Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma , who have been in good form in recent times, have been included in the Indian squad for the two-Test series against the 
 captain in IPL history and Gilchrist happened to be a pale shadow of his former self.  The good thing though, was that Rohit Sharma was made captain, and all the broken English aside, he did a good job in captaining the stalwarts to victory in the IPL.  He 
 before.  The series saw as many as 3596 runs being scored along with 9 hundreds.  One of those hundreds was off the blade of Rohit Sharma who notched up 209 runs in a one-day innings.  Virat Kohli too, scored a couple of hundreds in that series – one of them 
 off well but a strong show by the middle-order helped them cross the line easily with more than an over to spare.  Skipper Rohit Sharma was the top scorer with 37 and Ambati Rayudu struck 26 off 23 balls.  Pune Warriors bowlers did well to reduce Mumbai 
 Indian squad breathe a sigh of relieve at least for some time.  He was sent back to the pavilion when Ali took the charge.  Rohit Sharma did not succeed in playing a spellbinding knock for which he is famous among several cricket fans.  Hitting 28 runs, the 
 Mi India store.  As a special promotional offer, the first 1,000 registrants got the band at Re. 1.  [...]  BCCI to nominate Rohit Sharma for Arjuna award The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has nominated Rohit Sharma for the Arjuna award for 
 . 1.  [...]  BCCI to nominate Rohit Sharma for Arjuna award The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has nominated Rohit Sharma for the Arjuna award for 2015.  Rohit has had an excellent last year for India in international cricket.  Since January 1, 
 Singh, Ajinkya Rahane, Amit Mishra Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Mohammed Shami, Ravindra Jadeja , Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Stuart Binny, Suresh Raina, Varun Aaron, Mohit Sharma and Ravichandran Ashwin.  With four all – 
 Zimbabwe smashed out in the gathering stages.  The most noteworthy normal at the Queens Sports Club happens to be that of Rohit Sharma , who midpoints an amazing 279 in three matches, which included two tons and a half-century.  Among the Zimbabwean 
 rich experience in the world of Telecommunication.  The biggest cheer at the Wankhede came for Sachin, Pragyan Ojha and Rohit Sharma .  Constitution is there, and we dont have to explain it to media.  What are the different strains of the virus?  There are 
 8:30 pm Post film discussion with Soledad O'Brien and Wes Moore  Captain MS Dhoni lead Chennai Super Kings and Skipper Rohit Sharma's team Mumbai Indians will be battling in the most trifling fight of the tournament at none other than the historic Eden 
 the trophy this time.  Coach John Wright and Jhonty Rhodes have made the team perform this time under the hood of Captain Rohit Sharma who has scored 536 runs.  Also Dwayne Smith and Kieron Pollard have boosted the team in unexpectedly while Dinesh 
 - Pankaj Mehendiratta, Roll No. 13202, Parth Khanna, Roll No. 13204, Prashant Tomar, Roll No. 13209 and Rohit Sharma (13224) from the Deptt.  Electronics & Communication Engineering attended a two- day National Workshop on ÂMATLAB and 
 Council on Education; 1950:128.  Rohit, Bhuvneshwar, Binny released for Ranji Trophy  Mohali: Top order batsman Rohit Sharma , medium pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar and all-rounder Stuart Binny were on Thursday released from the Indian cricket team, 
 14 to 18.  The first Test is being played from November 5 to 9.  The next round of Ranji Trophy starts on November 7.   Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny have been released from the Indian Test team, which is playing the first Test 
 gaming portals is betting big on game related advertising, as it contributes a major part of its income.  Says Zapak COO Rohit Sharma , Game related advertising is definitely growing in India.  It did not exist till a year back.  Today, it contributes 35% 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  BRISBANE: The 
 286, which eventually proved more than sufficient as England were dismissed for 194.  India's much maligned batsman Rohit Sharma was the last man from whom anyone expected an innings of such brutality and sustained hitting, simply because of the 
 some runs under his belt.  (Source: PTI)  In the dominating presence of the Team India's new poster boys – Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma , Pujara made a name for himself with sheer dedication and hard work.  The right-hander was not even picked in the Test 
 joined in minutes later.  Caribbean Kieron Pollard, who finished as the man of the match, was seen shouldering skipper Rohit Sharma as the rest of the team thumped and congratulated the pair amid the Mumbai Indians theme song Duniya Hila Denge Hum.  
 9.  MS Dhoni (captain) Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Gautam Gambhir, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , Ravindra Jadeja, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohd Shami, Ishwar Pandey, Ishant Sharma, Stuart Binny,  
 baseball caps discuss Kickstarter while navigating ...  Sanjay Bangar is right: We have been too quick to judge Rohit Sharma – As you can see from the table below, Rohit's record at this stage of his career is similar to Kohli's and much better than 
 to field a five-bowler attack and its combination will depend on the pitch on match-day.  Shastri also hinted that Rohit Sharma will continue to play at the number three spot which means that Cheteshwar Pujara might not find a place in the eleven.   
 Mahendra Singh Dhoni's India will look to chase down-rather than defend-the World Cup title they won four years ago.  In Rohit Sharma , the only batsman with two 200s in one-day internationals, Virat Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane, Suresh Raina and the 
 Trophy one-day tournament in England in 2013, but a power-packed batting display is needed to succeed again.  Rohit Sharma , who followed his one-day 209 against Australia in 2013 with a scintillating world record score of 264 against the West 
 is new face of sports site  Swim champ Ian Thorpe has joined former cricket captain Steve Waugh and Indian cricketer Rohit Sharma as official brand ambassadors for the sports social network, PlayUp, which has recently launched world-wide.  PlayUp 
 Series Cup on Thursday (July 11).  Rangana Herath took four wickets to bring Sri Lanka back into the game after Rohit Sharma had anchored India's chase with a stoic 89-ball 58.  India survived the nervy last few overs before Dhoni unleashed 
 , including one in front of the District Magistrate's office in Darjeeeling.  Talking to reporters GJM spokesmen Prof Rohit Sharma said, Keeping in mind the upcoming polls in West Bengal, we have decided to suspend the hunger strike.    There won't be 
 tri-series  Sachin Tendulkar has opted out of the tri-series in Bangladesh starting on January 4.  He will be replaced by Rohit Sharma in the 16-man squad.  Yuvraj Singh has also been included despite a finger injury scare that kept him out of four ODIs in 
 for his third six.  But their quest was undermined by a disappointing batting performance that stalled badly after Rohit Sharma drove to short extra cover in the 11th over for 29 to break a second-wicket partnership of 60 with Kohli.  Yuvraj Singh, so 
 ,Bhaskar front page ki MERA KYA KASOOR Story. . ki tarah protsahit karna chahiya taki female sex ratio RAJASTHAN . Rohit Sharma is on Facebook.  Join Facebook to connect with Rohit Sharma and others you may know.  Facebook gives people the power to 
 protsahit karna chahiya taki female sex ratio RAJASTHAN . Rohit Sharma is on Facebook.  Join Facebook to connect with Rohit Sharma and others you may know.  Facebook gives people the power to share and makes . Apr 13, 2007.  Journal of Nepalese Studies, 
 Kohli has placed to Rank No 2 in ICC ODI after hitting a smashing 139 against Srilanka yesterday.  Another rocking star Rohit sharma came up by 18 places to reach 15th place after hitting a smashing 264 against Srilanka.  Below is the list of top 5 batsmen/ 
 the five-match ODI series.  South Africa has prevailed in a batsman-dominated first ODI against India in Kanpur, with Rohit Sharma's 150 not enough for the hosts who lost by five runs.  Scyld Berry looks at the 13 players used by Englands in Abu Dhabi, Dubai 
 of 270/7 in 50 over.  This was look easy for the India team when they came to the batting and looked in a great position as Rohit Sharma who played brilliant innings of 65 runs and done a very good partnership with Virat Kohli who is struggling with runs and 
 .   Kamal, who is from Bangladesh, criticized the on-field umpires' decision to call a no-ball after India batsman Rohit Sharma was caught off a full-toss during the game.  For Matt Tomasulo, the inclination to drive in downtown Raleigh, North 
 matches, one day internationals, and Twenty20 events.  You can also watch recent matches on demand, so if you missed Rohit Sharma outscore the entire Sri Lankan team in Kolkata yesterday with 264 runs, you can catch the replay on the app.  If you don't 
 Dubai, in the anticipation of a close contest between Mumbai Indians and Sunrisers Hyderabad.  Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma won the toss and offered Sunrisers Hyderabad to bat first.  The decision seemed getting fruitful as soon as SRH captain 
 in setting the target of 172 runs on the loss of 5 wickets.  Chasing turned difficult for Mumbai Indian the moment Rohit Sharma threw his wicket to Bhuvneshwar Kumar in the second over.  Corey Anderson's dismissal in another over gave another jolt 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  Want to make more 
 and TV show host and judge Navjot Singh Sidhu was admitted to the Apollo Hospital in Delhi on Tuesday.  Dharamshala: Rohit Sharma's blistering century went in vain as South Africa began their long tour of India on a winning note by scripting a thrilling 
 leg workout!  I'm at 3:30 on the planks as of yesterday.  Page is currently under construction.  Sample 5K Training Plan.  Rohit Sharma Workout Routine Diet Secrets.  The Biggest Loser Workout 2 6 Low Intensity Cardio 15 min Fitness.  Every time a Challenge 
 of 153 runs.  It is the 4th consecutive victory of India with only one match remains to spare.  The highlight of the match is Rohit Sharma's knock of 264, the highest score ever scored in the history of the one day cricket match, which contained 33 fours and 9 
 the one day international cricket match.  Earlier, winning in the toss, India opted to bat in which the opening bats man Rohit Sharma , who was under rest as he got injury in his finger when he played a match between England and India during the last August, 
 .  Set to score 405 for a victory, Sri Lanka managed to score only 251 runs (lesser than the runs scored by the Indian opener Rohit Sharma ) with in 42.3 over.  This is the fifth time that India crossed the land mark of 400 runs.  The last and the final match will be 
 [...]  Those who blame Mumbai has to are aware that Mumbai is without their 4 major players: Zaheer Khan, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma and Dhawal Kulkarni while Karnataka is actually in their full strength except Stuart Binny.  But Black Justin Bethel 
 from 1 for 2 to make 209 for 5.  The first two wickets were those of Ricky Ponting and Sachin Tendulkar.  Dinesh Karthik and Rohit Sharma's response was to blitz 132 in 13 overs.  It shows what this Mumbai Indians side is capable of doing.  The opening 
 again, as he collected the ball at deep midwicket, and sent it in before Kohli was able to complete the second run, which Rohit Sharma seemed to want.  Rohit was made to realise early that this innings would demand more of him than the one he played on Friday 
 as a final: Sharma  Kolkata: Written off after four losses on the trot to start with in the IPL, Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma today said their revival and the subsequent title triumph was triggered by the belief that every game was his team's 
 Indians then rattled up 236 for two in 39.1 overs, powered by Dhawan's century as well as excellent knocks of 52 by opener Rohit Sharma and 51 not out by Dinesh Karthik.  Virat Kohli contributed 22.  Dhawan's 102 not out was made off 107 balls and included one 
 light of the task as openers Dhawan and Sharma put up yet another century stand.  Johnson Charles lbw Ravindra Jadeja 60  Rohit Sharma c Johnson Charles b Sunil Narine 52  The working committee of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) today 
 in the tournament opener at the Sophia Gardens here today.  Dhawan, who made 114, put on 127 runs for the first wicket with Rohit Sharma , 65 to help India pile up an imposing 331 for seven in their 50 overs after South Africa won the toss and asked them to bat 
 Kings at 36 for five.  Vijay was also back in the dug-out in the next over falling to Johnson, spooning an easy catch to Rohit Sharma .  The writing was on the wall for Super Kings as they had lost six wickets for 39 runs in the eighth over.  Dhoni displayed 
 as the Mumbai batsmen struggled against his moving deliveries.  Mumbai's hopes of a revival were pinned on skipper Rohit Sharma , but he did not last long scoring just two runs before lobbing an easy catch back to Morkel.  Karthik and Rayudu tried to 
 a double century in one day international cricket matches? 1) Sachin Tendulkar 2) Virendra Sehwag 3) Virat Kohli 4) Rohit Sharma 5) Both 3 and 4  17.  The Global Gender Gap Report was first published in 2006 by the? 1) World Bank 2) International 
 ) Sensitive  23.  Which Indian batsman scored the fastest One Day International century (in 52 balls) in October 2013? 1) Rohit Sharma 2) Sachin Tendulkar 3) Virendra Sehwag 4) Shikar Dhawan 5) Virat Kohli  24.  Which of the following seeks to check tax 
 donated to the Larry Turner Scholarship Fund.  India have made one change bringing in all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja for Rohit Sharma while Pakistan have fielded an unchanged side.  Pakistan won the first of the three matches at Chennai by six wickets on 
 for the older generation.  A chord was touched in many a young Indian heart when Gavaskar described Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma as the of future Indian batting, with the cameraman thoughtfully focusing on a fluttering tricolour.  Kohli is, 
 Test century.  The boys are focused on achieving the best result.  They have the hunger and passion to work for it.   In Rohit Sharma , the only batsman with two 200s in one-day internationals, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina and skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni 
 reliability and stability, avoiding outages, improving their efficiency and reducing...  He averages better than Rohit Sharma but still has to fight for a place in the Test side, mostly because he doesn t play ODIs.  Stats highlights from the third 
 a solid 93-ball 67 in Ireland's 259 all out in 49 overs.  India proved their strength in batting yet again as Dhawan and Rohit Sharma (64) put on their team's best World Cup opening stand of 174 against a struggling Irish attack.  Dhawan, who stroked 137 
 been improving throughout the ...  India vs South Africa, 1st ODI: Rohit's century in vain as Proteas snatch 5-run win.  Rohit Sharma's rollicking 150-run knock went in vain as South Africa pulled off a ...  Assessing the Mental Health of Canadians: What 
 .  Guess what?  Those left are strong enough, such as specialist batsmen Dhawan, Vijay, Virat Kohli, Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma .  And spinners R.  Ashwin and Amit Mishra.  Plus, the pace (which is going to count in England): Irfan, Umesh, Vinay, 
 form at present and is also allegedly at loggerheads with the skipper, and under performing juniors like Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma and Ravindra Jadeja – and inject new bloo1d is open to conjecture.  It is not clear whether skipper Dhoni, after having 
 government.  The balance between bat and ball, new ODI playing conditions  Last November (2014) Indian opening batsman Rohit Sharma stunned the world when he went out to bat against Sri Lanka in a One Day International (ODI) match at Eden Garden, Kolkata 
 Australia or Pakistan in the semi-finals at Sydney.  India batting first got a score of 302 for loss of six wickets from Rohit Sharma Bangladesh being in their first World cup quarter-final had a keen check on the Indian batsmen through the first 35 over 
 had a keen check on the Indian batsmen through the first 35 over's.  But soon they dropped their heads when they saw Rohit Sharma giving his reprive and gave up 147 runs off the last 15 overs.  Bangladesh was one of the most improved sides in the Cricket 
 , the top-ranked team in one-day cricket, against title holders India, the dominant financial power in world cricket.  Rohit Sharma said India were not sweating over the nature of the Sydney Cricket Ground wicket.  The bat has dominated the ball in 
 .  More realistically, a player could face around 200 of the deliveries bowled – the current record of 264 by India's Rohit Sharma was scored in 173 deliveries; the 1975 record of 171 by New Zealander Glenn Turner took 201 balls.  If we took Sharma's 
 to believe in their capabilities.  Shikhar Dhawan, Ambati Rayudu and Bhuvneshwar Kumar could be the game changer.  Rohit Sharma and Stuart Binny will also be watched for the kind of play they put forward.  Dhawal Kulkarni, Karn Sharma and Sanju 
 Superfund Site: An Analysis of Similar Sites , is available here .  Elizabeth Hendler (8-hour Ozone SIP Coalition) and Rohit Sharma (Lyondell Basell),July 15th Joint Meeting with A&WMA, An Analysis of EPA¿s 2015 Ozone Standard Proposal , is 
 wickets for 94 runs in the second session but it was a fine 113 by Cheteshwar Pujara that took them to 413 for seven at tea.  Rohit Sharma was batting on 44 and Bhuvneshwar Kumar on four at the tea break.  Resuming in the morning at 157 for two, India first rode 
 season.  Also master blaster Sachin Tendulkar needs to play some of his best shots to clinch the silver ware this season.  Rohit Sharma and Dinesh Karthik are as usual proving to be an asset on the pitch and team can rely on them for a batting boost.  However 
 has been given a much-needed break to perform at his best and gain momentum for future contests.  The dynamic player Rohit Sharma , who has been out of the team for more than several months due to injury, has made his way back into the Indian 'playing XI' 
 motto is to make Indian team have faith in their capabilities.  Skipper Kohli, the man of big innings Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , talented Ambati Rayudu, Suresh Raina – a player with strong batting & bowling style, Uthappa, Akshar Patel, Karn 
 to be so lethal on other grounds.  So it will be interesting to see how they manage at the pitch of Dharamsala.  Captain Rohit Sharma and Dinesh Karthik are gaining run for the team easily.  With the majors like Sachin Tendulkar not working for the teams 
 ... a 1920 x 1080 crop from within the 3840 x ...  I am looking for a digital camera within a budget of Rs 10,000.  Help! – Rohit Sharma ... It offers vibration reduction (VR) during shooting stills, and HD (720p) videos.  Canon Ixus 510 HS Price: Rs 7,540 
 to look ahead of Dhoni.  Now, the potential squad that will fly for Bangladesh in next to no time are Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma , Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli (captain), Dinesh Karthik (wicketkeeper), Ajinkya Rahane, Ravindra Jadeja, 
 of a miraculous innings of the batsmen who are still not out or yet to bat.  Ajinkya Rahane is batting at 7 runs, while Rohit Sharma at 3 runs.  India keenly needs a partnership of 100 or more runs.  There is no room for them to make any mistake.  To end the 
 before, and that remains the case, despite the good start India made to the run chase through Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma .  The openers enjoyed a partnership of 76, but once that was ended by Josh Hazlewood, Australia made heavy inroads and 
 heavy inroads and made the target an unassailable one.  Kohli fell for just one to Mitchell Johnson, who then dismissed Rohit Sharma the ball after being hit for a six from the same batsman.  Ajinkya Rahane and captain MS Dhoni did manage to put on a 
  Captain of the Mumbai Indians cricket team and one of the most successful batsman in the Indian Premier League, Rohit Sharma , visited Ol Pejeta on the 16 th and 17 th September 2015 to meet the last male northern white rhino in the world, Sudan.  His 
 the story of Sudan to hundreds of people.  Holding the highest individual score in One Day Internationals (ODIs), Rohit Sharma is as enthusiastic about conservation as he is about cricket.  Upon announcing his visit to Kenya to meet Sudan, he 
 between players.  Warner was fined 50 per cent of his match fee in the sides' first ODI clash, after appearing to tell Rohit Sharma to speak English during a disagreement.  And Johnson, who suggested Warner was hoping to avoid any confrontation 
 , they put up a spirited challenge against the defending champions.  MS Dhoni's men were 115-3 through 28 overs, before Rohit Sharma (137) and Suresh Raina (65) batted them out of the game.  Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Mortaza said their breakthrough 
 against different teams, Mumbai Indians is featured with strong batting and bowling sides both.  With Harbhajan, Rohit Sharma , Sachin Tendulkar and others, the team is confident of winning almost every match that they will come across in the 
 to the stadium to show them their favourite team and team players live.  Especially Mr. Sachin Tandulker, Malinga, Rohit Sharma and of course Karen Polad.  OSCAR children had so much fun and enjoyment.  Thanks to Atma for connecting OSCAR with 
 facilities for testing and quality assurance of hemp products like seed, oil, fiber, yarn, fabric and composites.  Mr. Rohit Sharma's unique perspective, creativity and strategic approach to communications make IIHA one of the most sought after 
 to brush off RCB  In match 27 of Pepsi IPL 2014 MI beat the RCB by 19 runs in a closely contested game at the Wankhede Stadium.  Rohit Sharma turned on his charm to make true the belief that home turfs do create a magic, rubbing the players the right way.  MI 
 ultimately crumbled to pressure yet again emanating from a stiff target.  MI's 187 included vital contributions from Rohit Sharma of an unbeaten 59 off 35 and Kieron Pollard with 43 off 31 balls.  RCB could manage to reach only up to 168 for eight, with 
 as Yuzvendra Chahal further dug deeper by removing Corey Anderson on six.  At last for MI Kieron Pollard and skipper Rohit Sharma settled down, accelerating as the innings progressed taking MI to the three-figure mark in the 13th over.  Though 
 man Pollard losing his wicket to an unfortunate run out by none other than the RCB bowler Strac who was bowling the over.  Rohit Sharma , however, ended the innings with a stunning boundary as MI ended up at 187 for five.  RCB were on a rampage from the word go 
 man in a rush.  Aspiring as he seems to be, Kohli has officially distinguished the canvas to paint his perfect work of art – Rohit Sharma .  Obviously, Sharma has officially settled his name in Indian cricket as an incredible limited over batsman under the 
 failed miserably, whereby only Virat Kohli, Ajay Jadeja, Shammi and the skipper has been able to create distinctions.  Rohit Sharma has scored only 141 in 4...  Posted on Jan 26th, 2014 in Common  The third ODI between India and New Zealand at Auckland had 
 .  Apart from the spinning duo, skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni also prefers using part-time slow bowlers Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma in helpful conditions.  Interestlingly, Warne, who had some magic moments at the SCG as he took 64 Test wickets in 14 
 85-plus strike rate.  However, he dismissed suggestions that he might find it easier to break into the ODI side, in which Rohit Sharma , not a natural at the very top of the order, opens for India with Shikhar Dhawan.  I think Shikhar and Rohit are doing a 
 45 runs with losing of only 1 wicket Shikhar Dhawan who was run out but after falling of first wicket Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma made a very brilliant partnership of 138 runs by these two and also Rohit Sharma who played so great and made a ton in this 
 falling of first wicket Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma made a very brilliant partnership of 138 runs by these two and also Rohit Sharma who played so great and made a ton in this match as they were looking into the top and took the match from South Africa Team 
 each other home and away, there is little that can be done about the amount of games.  If a ...  Mumbai Indians (MI) skipper Rohit Sharma has said his team will play fearless cricket after securing play-off qualification of the ongoing Indian Premier 
 side last season and had led the team in its first few outings in the IPL before handing over the reins to current captain Rohit Sharma .  I am looking forward to working with Mumbai Indians once again, he said after interacting with the team upon arrival 
 on the soldiers as they closed in.  He's played in almost every league except for Germany and Italy,Nike KD Trey Sale, Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan played themselves in for a token couple of overs.  Ultra High Definition (UHD) Panorama Generation 
 .  International Journal of Electronics and Computers , 2 (1), 9-17.  Google Citation  Shruti Jain , Pradeep K.  Naik, Rohit Sharma (2009).  A Computational Modeling of Apoptosis Signaling using VHDL and MATLAB Simulator.  International Journal of 
 : April 17-18, 2009], pp.252-254..  Google Citation  Vikash Kumar, Ankit Dabda, Mukul Jain, Kompal Gupta, Shruti Jain , Rohit Sharma (2009).  Navigator: an endeavor towards right direction.  Proceedings of the International Conference on 
 others.  With prada replica outlet this majestic win in the royal city of Jaipur, the prada shoes on sale triumvirate of Rohit Sharma (141 not out), Virat Kohli (100 not out) and Shikhar Dhawan (95) made a determined statement that the future of Indian 
 as the back-up.  It's not all doom and gloom for the Men in Blue.  The top 5 is certainly up there with the best if not the best.  Rohit Sharma looks a class apart in the shorter format (Why doesn't he replicate these performances in Test Matches?), Dhoni might 
 join guru too.  OM  namaste thx for joining guru.how can i see your paintings. with luv OM  At 1:28pm on March 26, 2009, Rohit Sharma said...  Namaste KARUNAMOY, Welcome to the journey towards spirituality, please feel free to browse and share your 
 some early aggression, but as soon as he was out, Australia had the upper hand.  Reliable run scorers Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane all failed to rein the required run-rate in and Australia chipped away with regular dismissals.  Two 
 describe the ugly Indian male: Onion Masala.  [...] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Amit Agarwal, R K and Pushkala , Rohit Sharma .  Rohit Sharma said: RT @labnol: Sagarika on Indian men.. http://t.co/E6jr1sn [...]  This post reminds me of the 
 Indian male: Onion Masala.  [...] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Amit Agarwal, R K and Pushkala , Rohit Sharma.  Rohit Sharma said: RT @labnol: Sagarika on Indian men.. http://t.co/E6jr1sn [...]  This post reminds me of the uninformed hordes 
 (ODI) here on Wednesday.  India trail the five-match series 0-1 after suffering a narrow five-run loss at Kanpur.  Rohit Sharma's swashbuckling knock of 150 runs off 133 deliveries went in vain as India let slip the advantage to slump to the loss.  
 before bowling out India for 233 in 46.5 overs.  The daunting target notwithstanding, India started well with openers Rohit Sharma (34) and Shikhar Dhawan (45), with the latter playing the aggressor's role.  The left-hander was dropped by 
 he has retired from Test cricket and there is less burden on him now.  The likes of Virat Kohli, R Ashwin, Umesh Yadav and Rohit Sharma are likely to be granted their wish which is to stay home.  It's been learnt that young spinners Yuzvendra Chahal and 
 , but result was not in favor of Dhoni and his young 'Playing 11' on Monday as well.  Shikhar Dhawan (2 runs of 5 balls) and Rohit Sharma (4 runs of 8 balls) were sent back to the pavilion by Kulasekara and Lasith Malinga, correspondingly.  Raina give a lift 
 toss by Captain Faf du Pelsis of South Africa.  India Team managed an unbeatable score of 199/5 in 20 overs with the help of Rohit Sharma's ton as he scores 106 runs in just 66 balls with having 160.60 batting strike rate and also made a very solid total with the 
 led from the front and was the top scorer of the match with 150 even though he batted in the first innings only.  J&K bowler Rohit Sharma was the highest wicket-taker with six wickets.  J&K have lost two early wickets in their second innings.  Shubham 
 like ODI skipper MS Dhoni, Test captain Virat Kohli, R Ashwin and Ajinkya Rahane were grouped under Grade A, while Rohit Sharma was surprisingly put under Grade B alongside Ambati Rayudu, Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, etc.  As compared to 2014-15 
 - Consultant, Coach and Lecturer in Leadership and Empowerment  South Africa snatch 5-run win from India  Kanpur: Rohit Sharma's rollicking 150-run knock went in vain as South Africa pulled off a thrilling five-run victory in the first cricket 
 to the Indian cricket team for their spectaculor victory over South Africa ...  Absolutely Incredible innings from Rohit Sharma for Indian Cricket Team..  Rohit Sharma creates history with highest ODI score..  Team Mobi-Club congratulates Indian 
 spectaculor victory over South Africa ...  Absolutely Incredible innings from Rohit Sharma for Indian Cricket Team..  Rohit Sharma creates history with highest ODI score..  Team Mobi-Club congratulates Indian Cricket Team on the ...  Fabulous 
 , Richard Boers and Asfand Khan, for the same Kohli (captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, KL Rahul, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma , Cheteshwar Pujara Vs South Africa Cheteshwar Pujara (captain), KL Rahul, Unmukt Chand, Karun Nair, Shreyas Iyer, 
 Test, but wrecker-in-chief Dean Elgar on Thursday criticised  Mohali: Indian team management on Thursday released Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny from the Test team so that they can play next Ranji Trophy  This program provides 
 .  Which of the following cricketers has experience of hitting 8 sixes in an over in an international cricket match?  (A) Rohit Sharma (B) M.  S.  Dhoni (C) Yuvaraj Singh (D) Gautam Gambhir 38.  Which of the following states has the highest female literacy 
 .  Rainbow Islands: The Story of Bubb.  Television . So You Think You Can Dance.  The Hills.  Zoom TV . MTV.  GiveMeSport.  Rohit Sharma . Rica.  Sex Scandal in Jodha Akbar !.  Jodha Akbar: Paridhi Sharma aka Jodha celebrates as serial complete.  Apr 19, 2014 . 
 Seddon Park today and turned again from the beginning, getting 30 overs of R Ashwin, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja and Rohit Sharma for the cost of 144 runs.  That was a crucial step in linking Ireland after they did their best opening stand of the World 
 seemed to have taken a big leap of evolution.  The only concern is the association of openness.  Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma find short Seddon Park boundaries to your liking.  However, they must negotiate overcast conditions.  Ireland is based 
 Jadeja for figures of 3/23.  India could have been in more trouble but for South Africa captain Hashim Amla, who dropped Rohit Sharma and Rahane while fielding in the slips.  Rahane stood tall among the ruins even as wickets fell at regular intervals at 
 Dane Vilas came rushing from behind the stumps and dived to make the catch.  Abbott was unlucky not to dismiss Rohit Sharma when the Mumbai batsman – who was yet to open his account at the time – edged an outgoing delivery which was dropped by Amla 
 with Morne Morkel, but the effort was not enough to snatch a dramatic win.  Dhawan put on 127 for the first wicket with Rohit Sharma (65) and 83 off 77 balls for the second with Virat Kohli (31) as overcast conditions at the toss made way for bright 
 , also without scoring.  Ajinkya Rahane was caught behind off Morne Morkel for eight and India crashed to 34 for four when Rohit Sharma (19) pulled Tsotsobe powerfully and Amla held a superb reflex overhead catch at short midwicket.  Mayor Presides Over 
 extremely talented players like Yuvraj Singh, Suresh Raina, Shikhar Dhawan, MS Dhoni, B Kumar and Ravindra Jadeja, Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli, who can change all the equation of game anytime with their striking performances.  In the previous 
 focus on features now.  16mm and 35mm are the two types of film stock used.  In no particular order, Yusuf Pathan, ray ban , Rohit Sharma , Yuvraj Singh, Chris Gayle, Brendon McCullum, Gautam Gambhir, Dale Steyn, David Warner, Kevin Pietersen and AB de 
 : Former cricketer and Mumbai Indians icon Sachin Tendulkar has heaped praise on the IPL champion team's skipper Rohit Sharma , saying that he has grown as a leader over the [...]  Kolkata: The Wankhede Stadium will open its gates this evening to all 
 as he bamboozled the UAE batsmen with his variations.  They simply were all at sea against the pace and bounce at WACA.  Rohit Sharma too got into the thick of things as he must have been eager to make a mark after that run-out against South Africa.  It 
 from home in back-to-back games to stand on the threshold of qualifying for the next stage of the competition.  If it was Rohit Sharma who flattened KKR with a brilliant unbeaten 109, his maiden IPL ton, it was another talented youngster–Ambati Rayudu – 
 , 48 and 68, which leave him a strong contender for the player of the tournament award, and valuable opening stands with Rohit Sharma have boosted India at the top of the order.  Left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja has been the pick of the bowlers with 10 
 Dhawan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ajinkya Rahane, wicketkeeper-batsmen Wriddhiman Saha & Naman Ojha, the record breaker Rohit Sharma , Kannaur Lokesh Rahul, all-rounders Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Suresh Raina, Bhuvneshwar Kumar & 
 we believe we are qualified for.  You need to be a member of Blessings ,Counselling,Prayer to add comments!  Comment by Rohit Sharma on February 23, 2009 at 12:32pm  On the auspicious day of shivratri, i would pray with folded hands and on my knees to the 
 of the Mumbai Indians in the coming Champions League T20, starting September 13 in Raipur, in the absence of the injured Rohit Sharma .  Sharma recently fractured his middle finger during the second one-day international between India and England at 
 up for the penalty rates, she said. www.AtlantaFalconsJersey.us.com There's been a little bit of a hiccup with the Rohit Sharma stuff but at the end of the day that was on the field, he said. r 1, Like the Majority of their electorate - Coach Outlet 
 potential to change the whole equation of the game at any point and contribute significant runs in the team's total.  Rohit Sharma , who has been out of the 'playing XI' for a while due to an injury, is likely to open the matches, which are scheduled to 
 Islam, out Caught aOlernKienOP Clearance Outlet Store Air Jordan 5 White Metallic Outlet Store Waiting For You by Rohit Sharma !!  Jahurul Islam loses his patience and gifts his wicket away.  This was flighted very slowly outside off, Jahurul Islam 
 steps down the track and looks to hoick it towards the onside, gets a thick leading edge that is safely caught by Rohit Sharma at aOlernKienOP Sale Online Save Up To 65% Off White Metallic 5s Retro Outlet Online Store 2014 short cover.  A 
 short cover.  A disastrous start by Bangladesh, Nazimuddin never looked in and has thrown his wicket away.  Nazimuddin c Rohit Sharma b Praveen Kumar 5(15) (Bangladesh 15.1 in 4.4 overs)  Steven Finn tweets: Congrats aOlernKienOP Where Can i Buy Womens 
 be a cracker who's going Shane Warne (@ShaneWarne) March 26 2015 Its premier batsman Virat Kohli was out for just one and Rohit Sharma soon followed as it became clear India's hopes of rescuing the match resided with captain MS DhoniHe struck 
 BLUE due to the poison he kept in his throat.  Would like all the evolved souls here to come up and clear this doubt  Added by Rohit Sharma on June 18, 2009 at 5:37pm – 5 Comments  Sanskrit literature can be classified under six orthodox heads and four secular 
 adage in cricket which says, form is temporary, class is permanent.  But of what use is 'class' that doesn't deliver.  Rohit Sharma is in his ninth year of international cricket and two years into his Test career.  Over this period, his average stands at 
 and Suresh Raina will be on rest during the tournament.  The Board has further decided to put on rest opening batsmen Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan, off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and pacer Umesh Yadav in order to save them for the tour starting 
 , AVERS is available in all its branches.  What was once considered as impossible has been achieved by Indian batsman Rohit Sharma .  He became the first batsman to score two double centuries in one day internationals when he slammed 264 runs against a 
 a mammoth 404/5 at the completion of their quota50 overs in this match that is the 4 th of the series.  Interestingly, Rohit Sharma was making a comeback to the Indian team after missing lots of matches because of an injury.  He smashed Sri Lankan 
 fielded so badly.  Dhawan celebrates after reaching his century.  It started much better, though.  AB de Villiers sent Rohit Sharma back for a duck with a direct hit from extra cover.  India deserve all the credit for not panicking when Dale Steyn was 
 make the most of a huge lead.  The home side goes into day three 501 runs ahead after India reached stumps at 1-71 on day two.  Rohit Sharma (40  RAFAEL Nadal has scuttled virtually all hope of contesting Sydney next week, telling organisers he intends to 
 the right-handers too.  On a wicket that has more bounce he can move the ball both ways, said Dhoni.  Dhoni also praised Rohit Sharma , who scored a century (177) on debut and was adjudged as Man of the Match.  Dhoni said it was disciplined bowling that 
 sugar monitor, many manufacturers offer a free monitor along with test strips.  Centuries from Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma saw the hosts take their first innings lead past 300 as India made 495, meaning they are unlikely to have to bat again in 
 Cup last March.  Tendulkar's dismissal triggered a mini-collapse and India slumped from 89 for one to 167 for five.  Rohit Sharma (10) could not do justice to his reputation, Suresh Raina (24) wasted the start he got and captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni ( 
 on the back foot.  Leading batsmen collapsed in Auckland, raising fear of earlier defeat for the Indians.  However, Rohit Sharma , who is batting on 67 runs, and Ajinkya Rahane, batting at the score of 23 runs, steadied the wobbly innings.  Boult 
 .   Kamal, who is from Bangladesh, criticized the on-field umpires' decision to call a no-ball after India batsman Rohit Sharma was caught off a full-toss during the game.  Counselling can provided for children, adolescents and adults for helping 
 Gambhir's resolute and enterprising 75 off 54 balls (8x4s, 2x6s) and an unbeaten 30 off 16 balls (2x4s, 1x6) from young Rohit Sharma .  Yuvraj Singh, who has been in fabulous form in this competition, failed to click and managed only 14 off 19 balls (1x4) 
 Virat Kohli have rested for the forthcoming series against Zimbabwe.  By being attentive on a temporary state issue, Rohit Sharma , Shikhar Dhawan, Ravi Ashwin and Umesh Yadav are conjointly given rest from the long play of cricket.  The big facet team 
 niche players from experienced to aggressive newbies, MI is a threat.  Ricky Ponting's dropping for the poor play and Rohit Sharma's captaincy has shown brilliant result for the team.  Rohit Sharma has shown some of the best plays after taking position 
 .  Ricky Ponting's dropping for the poor play and Rohit Sharma's captaincy has shown brilliant result for the team.  Rohit Sharma has shown some of the best plays after taking position of Captain, his 79 for 39 balls innings against Kings XI Punjab was 
 was also included after recovering from a hand injury picked up against Sri Lanka last month.  Seniors like Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma , R Ashwin and Suresh Raina were named for the three T20s and the first three ODIs, which start on October 2 in Dharamsala, 
 .  With a spot in the Cricket World Cup final against New Zealand on the line, expect the intensity to peak.  India batsman Rohit Sharma said his squad was prepared to fight fire with fire in Thursday's semifinal against four-time champion Australia, 
 bowling attack featuring seamers Mohammad Shami, Umesh Yadav and Mohit Sharma and specialist spinner Ravi Ashwin.  Rohit Sharma said whether or not the SCG wicket favored spin, India had the attack to handle the conditions.  Small classes suitable 
 Johnson got his crucial wicket at a stage where the Australian were probably started to pray for Kohli's dismissal.  Rohit Sharma (43 runs of 89 balls; 4 x 5) whose 264-run innings against lately held series vs. Sri Lanka made him grab eyeballs for 
 Vihar were the special guest.  Mr. Anurag Chaturvedi, Sr. Project Manager, Mr. Ved Prakash, Design Manager and Mr. Rohit Sharma , Senior Web Designer from ICREON Communication Pvt Ltd, , EXL Services and Mr. Prakash Kumar, Sr. Web Designer at 
 with...  In match 27 of Pepsi IPL 2014 MI beat the RCB by 19 runs in a closely contested game at the Wankhede Stadium.  Rohit Sharma turned on his charm to make true the belief that home turfs do create a magic, rubbing the players the right way.  MI 
 Rhodes, Robin Singh and John Wright the team has been beaten in every match they have played so far.  The MI team lead by Rohit Sharma has simply failed to...  On Wednesday, April 30, 2014 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium in Dubai MI were 
 , who scored a century in the first innings of the warm-up match is expected to boost the middle-order while the talented Rohit Sharma will also be eager to get back among the runs.  From the bowling perspective, Ishant with his five-wicket haul has shown 
 gaming portals is betting big on game related advertising, as it contributes a major part of its income.  Says Zapak COO Rohit Sharma , Game related advertising is definitely growing in India.  It did not exist till a year back.  Today, it contributes 35% 
 gaming portals is betting big on game related advertising, as it contributes a major part of its income.  Says Zapak COO Rohit Sharma , Game related advertising is definitely growing in India.  It did not exist till a year back.  Today, it contributes 35% 
 with this screamer on day five of the fourth Test with India  STEVE Smith may have taken the catch of the series to get rid of Rohit Sharma , but Australia's fielding wasn't so hot during the series.  In the Sydney Test alone Smith dropped two, while Shaun 
 , which ended up costing them around 640 runs.  Australian captain Steve Smith took a brilliant catch to dismiss India's Rohit Sharma .  Picture: Brett Costello Source: News Corp Australia  JOSH Hazlewood bowled superbly on the final day and conceded 
 day, Anything less than a first World Cup win will be a disappointment.  Along the way they have beaten England, openers Rohit Sharma and Dhawan gave India an ideal platform from which to launch their final charge.  With the previous two matches 
 .  NH-S First Graders Visit the Schoolhouse  erth: The Indian team management has decided not to risk injured opener Rohit Sharma for India's do-or-die cricket tri-series game against England on January 30 and also for the finals in case India 
 matches in Mohali and Bengaluru.  Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, Ajinkya Rahane, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma automatically select themselves among the batsmen.  The reserve batsman should be KL Rahul, who scored a century along 
 on the current squad for the remaining two matches.  After the batting fell short of five runs while chasing 304 despite Rohit Sharma's gutsy 150 at Green Park, the bowling did well to defend a 247-run score in Indore.  With Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Umesh Yadav 
 angle, another perspective...  Posted by jvance on Sunday, July 6th, 2008, at 10:57 PM, and filed under .  Jun 3, 2015 . Rohit Sharma and Ritika Sajdeh Engagement on 3rd June 2015 Latest.  You can see here the star batsman Rohit and Ritika Engagement Pics 
 Engagement Pics .. New Song Chal Beta Selfie Le Le Lyrics, HD Video In Mika Singh's Voice.  Mumbai Indians team captain, Rohit Sharma , popped the question to his best friend Ritika Sajdeh on April 28, 2015..  Read on to know how the 'hitman' proposed to 
 on Sunday and wrote: From best friends to soulmates, couldn't get any better.   IANS.  May 3, 2015 . India's star batsman Rohit Sharma posted a picture on Twitter with Ritika ( wearing the ring) and the elegant right-hander wrote,From best . May 3, 2015 . 
 posted a picture on Twitter with Ritika ( wearing the ring) and the elegant right-hander wrote,From best . May 3, 2015 . Rohit Sharma is the record holder for the highest run score in.  Rohit tweeted a picture with Ritika (wearing the ring) on Sunday and 
 for the highest run score in.  Rohit tweeted a picture with Ritika (wearing the ring) on Sunday and wrote: . May 3, 2015 . rohit sharma engaged with manager ritika sajdeh, rohit sharma wife ritika to Ritika Sajdeh Full Details, Images ,Profile Rohit 
 with Ritika (wearing the ring) on Sunday and wrote: . May 3, 2015 . rohit sharma engaged with manager ritika sajdeh, rohit sharma wife ritika to Ritika Sajdeh Full Details, Images ,Profile Rohit Sharma's Wife HD . May 3, 2015 . India's 
 sharma engaged with manager ritika sajdeh, rohit sharma wife ritika to Ritika Sajdeh Full Details, Images ,Profile Rohit Sharma's Wife HD . May 3, 2015 . India's swashbuclking batsman Rohit Sharma announced on Sunday (03-05- 2015), took to 
 to Ritika Sajdeh Full Details, Images ,Profile Rohit Sharma's Wife HD . May 3, 2015 . India's swashbuclking batsman Rohit Sharma announced on Sunday (03-05- 2015), took to micro-blogging site Twitter to share the news of his . May 3, 2015 . He has 
 to share the news of his . May 3, 2015 . He has known Ritika for the last six years and she has worked as his manager.  Image : Rohit Sharma with Ritika Sajdeh.  Photograph : Twitter.  May 4, 2015 . He has known Ritika for the last six years.  She manages his 
 side is made up of the captain, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Cheteshwar Pujjara, Murali Vijay, Virat Kohli, Mohammed Shami, Rohit Sharma , Zaheer Khan, Ajinkya Rahane, Shikar Dhawan, Ishant Sharma, and R Ashwin.  In another narration it is said that the one 
 legs.  Shane Watson (6) was the next to go attempting a clumsy sweep managing a top-edge off Harbhajan to Mumbai skipper Rohit Sharma .  Lasith Malinga then removed the talented Sanju Samson for a duck and Harbhajan finally dismissed his former India 
 is strong, comprising Shikhar Dhawan, Murali Vijay, Sachin Tendulkar, M S Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara and Rohit Sharma .  A good knock was also shown by a promising all-rounder Ravichandran Ashwin at Eden Gardens, Kolkata.  Indian openers – 
 Merai came together after Gujarat lost two wickets in the morning.  By: PTI Mumbai Updated: Dec 3, 2015, 19:45. sports.  Rohit Sharma's Test temperament under scanner, again · Ind vs SA, 4th Test, Day 1 Stats: Ajinkya Rahane ...  Resolute Merai keeps 
 , Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Umesh Yadav, Ravindra Jadeja, Wriddhiman Saha, R Ashwin, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Murali Vijay, Rohit Sharma , Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami and Cheteshwar Pujara altogether make India an unbeatable team and they have done the 
 and India are also involved in an unofficial tussle over which country is home to the prettiest ground.  Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma concede it it Dharamshala.  The Saffers think otherwise, though the first thing they did after arriving at the venue was 
 Day Internationals when the take a look at series, Warner was ill-treated with another fine when telling Indian opener Rohit Sharma to speak English.  (Indian Bowlers be Credit for his or her Patience and Resilience: Ian Chappell) With the match 
 to 181-8.  Any comfort that Sri Lanka could have taken from the difficult batting conditions was dismissed by Dhawan and Rohit Sharma , who shared 77 for the first wicket.  Trats. d skipped Wondershare video driver is a superfast drag and why would 
 and holidays.  Is this possible?  Quinton de Kock and Morne Morkel guide South Africa to ODI win over India – Opener Rohit Sharma rattled up 65, but Virat Kohli (77) and captain MS Dhoni (47) could not step up the run-rate.  Both of them fell to Morkel, 
 3 fours, 1 six) which was his maiden ODI fifty.  India eventually won the match by 4 wickets with 31 balls to spare thanks to Rohit Sharma's contribution.  [ 74 ] He had scores of 3 and 4 in the second and third ODIs respectively with India winning both games.  In 
 Sri Lanka and Australia respectively, despite which India won both games.  [ 103 ] [ 104 ] Dhawan opened the batting with Rohit Sharma in the main event and the pair found success.  In the tournament's opening match between India and South Africa at 
 game.  In the ODIs he scored 284 runs in 6 outings at an average of 56.80.  He was involved in 3 century opening stands with Rohit Sharma .  He scored 95 in the historic Jaipur ODI.  In the Nagpur ODI, he scored 100 runs for his first ODI ton against Australia.  
 Ronaldo says he is always disappointed to lose and his competition with Lionel Messi urges him to do even better  Rohit Sharma , Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Stuart Binny were not picked for the first India versus South Africa Test under way in Mohali.  
 having the strongest batting side from all over the world but unfortunately they can't made it.  Some good scored by the Rohit Sharma , MS Dhoni and finally out form batsmen scored Virat Kohli who made the highest scorer from the Indian batting side as he 
 day for the loss of 4 wickets.  But their dream to chase the target of 445 runs was shattered as soon as the match kicked off.  Rohit Sharma succumbed to James Anderson when Stuart Broad caught him.  The right-handed bastman had to leave the crease after 
 a part.  It's overcast at the SCG for the final day, which means Lyon is expected to play a key role.  Rahul's wicket brought Rohit Sharma to the crease, joining a well set Murali Vijay (29 not out).  Originally published as LIVE: Lyon gets key wicket at SCG  The 
 held here on Wednesday.  Joint Secretary of Punjab ...  India have defeated England by 5 wickets to clinch the series 3-1.  Rohit Sharma , opening the batting today, gave India a good start with a knock of 83 runs.  Later Suresh Raina scored a quick-fire 89 off 
 wicket win.  A rejuvenated India clinched the one-day series against England as the hosts rode on the batting heroics of Rohit Sharma (83) and Suresh Raina (89 not out) to fashion a comfortable five-wicket victory in the penultimate game and take an 
 after two back to back win in the series.  After a series of indifferent performances in the recent past the team is ...  Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina hit some delightful shots to lay the foundation for the chase Mohali : India took an unassailable 3-1 
 foundation for the chase Mohali : India took an unassailable 3-1 lead against England by beating them today at Mohali . Rohit Sharma (83) and Suresh Raina (89*) anchored the Indian ...  Rohit Sharma's fantastic knock of 83 helped India seal the series in 
 lead against England by beating them today at Mohali . Rohit Sharma (83) and Suresh Raina (89*) anchored the Indian ...  Rohit Sharma's fantastic knock of 83 helped India seal the series in the fourth One-Day International (ODI) against England at Mohali 
 worked as he dismissed the dangerous Mathews in his second over in the new spell.  Mathews fell to a superb reflex catch by Rohit Sharma at short leg on the rebound.  Ashwin completed his 11th five-wicket haul in test cricket when Dhammika Prasad was ruled 
 that skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Test captain Virat Kohli and top spinner R Ashwin are likely to be rested.  Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina are the two players in running for captaincy.  Rohit is the top contender after successfully leading 
 were postponed pertaining to a relative's death in the family shifting the marriage dates to next year.  Mumbai batsman Rohit Sharma has also announced his marriage plans with fiancee Ritika Sajdeh.  Ritika who happens to be Yuvraj's rakhi sister will 
